delete|node|chanot1
delete|node|Anas crecca crecca/nimia
delete|node|Anas crecca crecca/nimia x
delete|node|Melanitta deglandi
delete|node|lobpar1
delete|node|Rhizothera longirostris
delete|node|chnfra2
delete|node|Pternistis castaneicollis
delete|node|Crossoptilon crossoptilon
delete|node|magpig1
delete|node|Treron australis
delete|node|toipig1
delete|node|Ducula spilorrhoa
delete|node|shtfro1
delete|node|Batrachostomus poliolophus
delete|node|Caprimulgus sp.
delete|node|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed
delete|node|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed Timor
delete|node|andhil1
delete|node|Oreotrochilus estella
delete|node|Eulidia yarrellii
delete|node|Eulidia yarrellii x
delete|node|Eulidia yarrellii x Thaumastura
delete|node|amahum3
delete|node|stvhum1
delete|node|trimoo1
delete|node|Gallinula nesiotis
delete|node|Haematopus longirostris
delete|node|Haematopus longirostris x
delete|node|forsni1
delete|node|hotbut2
delete|node|Turnix hottentottus
delete|node|norful1
delete|node|norful2
delete|node|Theristicus melanopis
delete|node|Threskiornis aethiopicus
delete|node|bahbuz1
delete|node|Pernis celebensis
delete|node|Circus spilonotus
delete|node|reuhar1
delete|node|Circus maillardi
delete|node|y01031
delete|node|bbpkin1
delete|node|Tanysiptera sylvia
delete|node|Coracias benghalensis benghalensis/indicus
delete|node|Coracias benghalensis benghalensis/indicus x
delete|node|gotbar1
delete|node|Dinopium benghalense puncticolle
delete|node|Dinopium benghalense puncticolle x
delete|node|Picus viridis viridis
delete|node|Picus viridis viridis x
delete|node|Poicephalus robustus
delete|node|Epinecrophylla haematonota x
delete|node|leswoo3
delete|node|Xiphorhynchus fuscus
delete|node|higela1
delete|node|Elaenia obscura
delete|node|sieela1
delete|node|Elaenia pallatangae
delete|node|yemfly3
delete|node|flabow1
delete|node|Sericulus aureus
delete|node|blffri1
delete|node|Philemon moluccensis
delete|node|Calamanthus campestris
delete|node|Ptilorrhoa caerulescens
delete|node|Batis minor
delete|node|Cracticidae
delete|node|whbmin1
delete|node|Pericrocotus erythropygius
delete|node|ashcus1
delete|node|Coracina cinerea
delete|node|cicada2
delete|node|varsit2
delete|node|Vireo crassirostris
delete|node|thbvir1
delete|node|varpit1
delete|node|Pitohui kirhocephalus
delete|node|Dicrurus ludwigii
delete|node|sqtdro2
delete|node|sqtdro3
delete|node|bltshr1
delete|node|Clytorhynchus nigrogularis
delete|node|scarob1
delete|node|Petroica multicolor
delete|node|nezrob1
delete|node|Petroica australis
delete|node|rocmar3
delete|node|whlgna1
delete|node|Polioptila albiloris
delete|node|guigna1
delete|node|Polioptila guianensis
delete|node|Pycnonotus bimaculatus
delete|node|Phylloscopus [undescribed
delete|node|Phylloscopus [undescribed Rote
delete|node|Megalurus punctatus
delete|node|Megalurus timoriensis
delete|node|Buettikoferella
delete|node|Megalurulus
delete|node|Megalurulus whitneyi
delete|node|Trichocichla
delete|node|batapa1
delete|node|Apalis thoracica
delete|node|chtapa1
delete|node|Apalis porphyrolaema
delete|node|Cisticola galactotes
delete|node|orweye1
delete|node|jaweye
delete|node|Zosterops japonicus
delete|node|japwhe1
delete|node|japwhe2
delete|node|enweye1
delete|node|moweye2
delete|node|lohwhe1
delete|node|shtscb1
delete|node|Napothera danjoui
delete|node|chibab1
delete|node|Ianthocincla lanceolata
delete|node|ficale1
delete|node|Alethe diademata
delete|node|tibfly1
delete|node|Cyornis tickelliae
delete|node|sulblf2
delete|node|eacaka3
delete|node|whbsho2
delete|node|Cercomela
delete|node|Cercomela scotocerca
delete|node|Cercomela sordida
delete|node|moocha3
delete|node|Oenanthe xanthoprymna
delete|node|Anthreptes malacensis
delete|node|Cinnyris manoensis
delete|node|edcsun2
delete|node|Cinnyris mediocris
delete|node|blucha1
delete|node|Fringilla teydea
delete|node|gowgro1
delete|node|Rhynchostruthus socotranus
delete|node|sthsee1
delete|node|Crithagra gularis
delete|node|Pselliophorus
delete|node|Oreothlypis celata
delete|node|Oreothlypis ruficapilla
delete|node|Oreothlypis celata x
delete|node|Oreothlypis crissalis
delete|node|Oreothlypis crissalis x
delete|node|Oreothlypis ruficapilla x
delete|node|Oreothlypis ruficapilla x Setophaga
delete|node|Tangara ruficervix
delete|node|Tangara cyanoptera
delete|node|Tangara cayana
delete|node|Tangara cucullata
delete|node|Tangara/Ixothraupis
delete|node|Phrygilus fruticeti
delete|node|Microspingus/Castanozoster/Poospiza
delete|node|desspa2
delete|node|Passer simplex
delete|node|Gymnornis
delete|node|swewax2
delete|node|Coccopygia melanotis
insert|node|Dendrocygna viduata
insert|node|Dendrocygna viduata x
insert|node|x00938
insert|node|x00939
insert|node|maushe1
insert|node|reushe1
insert|node|Tachyeres pteneres
insert|node|flistd2
insert|node|Tadorna tadorna
insert|node|Tadorna tadorna x
insert|node|Tadorna tadorna x Aix
insert|node|x00940
insert|node|finduc1
insert|node|amsduc1
insert|node|y01128
insert|node|y01129
insert|node|y01130
insert|node|y01131
insert|node|x00941
insert|node|Anas crecca crecca
insert|node|Anas crecca crecca x
insert|node|mauduc1
insert|node|Somateria fischeri
insert|node|Somateria fischeri x
insert|node|x00942
insert|node|Arborophila chloropus
insert|node|scbpar2
insert|node|scbpar3
insert|node|Francolinus francolinus
insert|node|blkfra1
insert|node|blkfra2
insert|node|Crossoptilon harmani
insert|node|Crossoptilon harmani x
insert|node|x00943
insert|node|mauwop1
insert|node|reupig1
insert|node|mautud1
insert|node|rodtud1
insert|node|Paraclaravis
insert|node|Zentrygon linearis
insert|node|linqud1
insert|node|linqud2
insert|node|rodblp1
insert|node|grnimp5
insert|node|Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae
insert|node|nezpig1
insert|node|Nannococcyx
insert|node|sthcuc1
insert|node|Caprimulgus [undescribed
insert|node|Caprimulgus [undescribed Timor
insert|node|vauswi4
insert|node|Phaethornis maranhaoensis
insert|node|Phaethornis maranhaoensis [unrecognized
insert|node|webhum2
insert|node|amtsun4
insert|node|buthil1
insert|node|Aglaiocercus kingii
insert|node|Aglaiocercus kingii x
insert|node|Aglaiocercus kingii x Metallura
insert|node|x00944
insert|node|colinc4
insert|node|colinc5
insert|node|Lampornis calolaemus
insert|node|Lampornis calolaemus x
insert|node|x00945
insert|node|Thaumastura cora
insert|node|Thaumastura cora x
insert|node|Thaumastura cora x Eulidia
insert|node|Philodice
insert|node|Calothorax lucifer x Archilochus
insert|node|x00946
insert|node|Nesophlox
insert|node|y01132
insert|node|amahum4
insert|node|amahum5
insert|node|stvhum2
insert|node|buvhum1
insert|node|Amazilia alfaroana
insert|node|Amazilia alfaroana [unrecognized
insert|node|guahum1
insert|node|Amazilia tzacatl x
insert|node|x00947
insert|node|lepido3
insert|node|Aglaiocercus kingii x Trochilidae
insert|node|Mentrocrex
insert|node|Rallus elegans x
insert|node|x00948
insert|node|reurai1
insert|node|Aphanapteryx
insert|node|redrai1
insert|node|Erythromachus
insert|node|rodrai1
insert|node|sthcra1
insert|node|Mundia
insert|node|asccra1
insert|node|Diaphorapteryx
insert|node|hawrai1
insert|node|hodwat1
insert|node|Paragallinula
insert|node|mascoo1
insert|node|marswa1
insert|node|necgal1
insert|node|reugal1
insert|node|sthrai1
insert|node|milrai1
insert|node|Antigone antigone
insert|node|Antigone antigone x
insert|node|x00949
insert|node|y01133
insert|node|Haematopus finschi
insert|node|Haematopus finschi x
insert|node|silgul2
insert|node|Chroicocephalus novaehollandiae
insert|node|lbbgul6
insert|node|y01134
insert|node|norful4
insert|node|lshpet1
insert|node|y01135
insert|node|sshpet1
insert|node|pseudo2
insert|node|litshe8
insert|node|troshe5
insert|node|y01136
insert|node|Sula nebouxii
insert|node|Sula nebouxii x
insert|node|x00950
insert|node|Phalacrocorax chalconotus
insert|node|stisha1
insert|node|stisha2
insert|node|reunih1
insert|node|maunih1
insert|node|rodnih1
insert|node|bernih1
insert|node|cresee9
insert|node|Nisaetus cirrhatus
insert|node|Buteogallus urubitinga
insert|node|grbhaw2
insert|node|grbhaw3
insert|node|Bermuteo
insert|node|berhaw1
insert|node|y01137
insert|node|reusco1
insert|node|rodsco1
insert|node|mausco1
insert|node|Megascops cooperi
insert|node|pacsco1
insert|node|pacsco2
insert|node|y01138
insert|node|y01139
insert|node|Aegolius acadicus
insert|node|nswowl1
insert|node|nswowl2
insert|node|bswowl1
insert|node|souboo8
insert|node|Ninox boobook
insert|node|morepo2
insert|node|sthhoo1
insert|node|Phoeniculus bollei
insert|node|whhwoo2
insert|node|whhwoo3
insert|node|Phoeniculus castaneiceps
insert|node|forwoo2
insert|node|forwoo3
insert|node|Ceyx fallax
insert|node|suldwk1
insert|node|suldwk2
insert|node|Merops variegatus
insert|node|bubbee1
insert|node|bubbee2
insert|node|Coracias benghalensis x
insert|node|gotbar4
insert|node|gotbar5
insert|node|gowbar2
insert|node|Psilopogon chrysopogon
insert|node|Picumnus cirratus x
insert|node|x00951
insert|node|y01140
insert|node|x00952
insert|node|y01141
insert|node|Dendrocopos darjellensis/Dryobates
insert|node|Dinopium benghalense x
insert|node|eugwoo2
insert|node|Picus viridis x
insert|node|berfli1
insert|node|reukes1
insert|node|Eolophus roseicapilla
insert|node|Eolophus roseicapilla x
insert|node|Eolophus roseicapilla x Cacatua
insert|node|x00953
insert|node|Coracopsis nigra
insert|node|levpar1
insert|node|levpar2
insert|node|Alisterus scapularis
insert|node|Alisterus scapularis x
insert|node|Alisterus scapularis x Aprosmictus
insert|node|x00954
insert|node|Eclectus roratus
insert|node|eclpar1
insert|node|eclpar2
insert|node|eclpar3
insert|node|eclpar4
insert|node|ocepar1
insert|node|Geoffroyus heteroclitus
insert|node|sinpar2
insert|node|sinpar3
insert|node|Psittacula himalayana
insert|node|Psittacula himalayana x
insert|node|x00955
insert|node|Lophopsittacus
insert|node|magpar1
insert|node|brbpar3
insert|node|Necopsittacus
insert|node|rodpar1
insert|node|Psittacella picta
insert|node|paitip1
insert|node|paitip2
insert|node|x00956
insert|node|orbfip4
insert|node|Charmosyna papou
insert|node|paplor2
insert|node|paplor3
insert|node|coclor1
insert|node|Trichoglossus rubritorquis
insert|node|Trichoglossus rubritorquis x
insert|node|x00957
insert|node|y01142
insert|node|Poicephalus fuscicollis
insert|node|x00958
insert|node|marpar1
insert|node|guapar1
insert|node|matpar5
insert|node|Psittacara holochlorus x
insert|node|x00959
insert|node|Psittacara wagleri
insert|node|scfpar2
insert|node|scfpar3
insert|node|guapar2
insert|node|y01143
insert|node|rubsti1
insert|node|Epinecrophylla haematonota fjeldsaai
insert|node|Epinecrophylla haematonota fjeldsaai x
insert|node|Grallaria guatimalensis
insert|node|scaant4
insert|node|scaant5
insert|node|scaant6
insert|node|scaant7
insert|node|scaant8
insert|node|scaant9
insert|node|Dendrocolaptes sanctithomae
insert|node|norbaw1
insert|node|norbaw2
insert|node|crbcan5
insert|node|Antilophia galeata
insert|node|Antilophia galeata x
insert|node|Antilophia galeata x Chiroxiphia
insert|node|x00960
insert|node|hetero1
insert|node|Tityra leucura
insert|node|Tityra leucura [unrecognized
insert|node|whttit2
insert|node|Iodopleura pipra
insert|node|butpur2
insert|node|butpur3
insert|node|gnbbec3
insert|node|Todirostrum cinereum
insert|node|comtof1
insert|node|comtof2
insert|node|yemfly4
insert|node|yemfly5
insert|node|yemfly6
insert|node|yemfly7
insert|node|yemfly8
insert|node|Phyllomyias griseiceps
insert|node|sohtyr2
insert|node|sohtyr3
insert|node|sohtyr4
insert|node|sohtyr5
insert|node|brcfly4
insert|node|rungrt3
insert|node|y01144
insert|node|Sericulus chrysocephalus
insert|node|Sericulus chrysocephalus x
insert|node|Sericulus chrysocephalus x Ptilonorhynchus
insert|node|x00961
insert|node|Meliphaga gracilis
insert|node|grahon4
insert|node|grahon5
insert|node|comcic1
insert|node|comcic2
insert|node|comcic3
insert|node|comcic4
insert|node|comcic5
insert|node|comcic6
insert|node|varsit8
insert|node|y01145
insert|node|y01146
insert|node|vireo2
insert|node|Pachycephala macrorhyncha
insert|node|yetwhi2
insert|node|yetwhi3
insert|node|yetwhi4
insert|node|yetwhi5
insert|node|yetwhi6
insert|node|biawhi1
insert|node|y01147
insert|node|Artamus personatus
insert|node|Artamus personatus x
insert|node|x00962
insert|node|Newtonia amphichroa
insert|node|darnew2
insert|node|darnew3
insert|node|Schetba rufa
insert|node|rufvan2
insert|node|rufvan3
insert|node|Artamella viridis
insert|node|whhvan2
insert|node|whhvan3
insert|node|wstdro1
insert|node|shadro1
insert|node|cstdro1
insert|node|Dircurus
insert|node|fotdro5
insert|node|vemdro6
insert|node|Monarcha castaneiventris
insert|node|chbmon2
insert|node|chbmon3
insert|node|chbmon4
insert|node|Monarcha melanopsis
insert|node|Monarcha melanopsis x
insert|node|x00963
insert|node|x00964
insert|node|Petroica pusilla
insert|node|pacrob3
insert|node|pacrob4
insert|node|pacrob5
insert|node|Cyanistes caeruleus
insert|node|Cyanistes caeruleus x
insert|node|x00965
insert|node|y01148
insert|node|y01149
insert|node|eursky1
insert|node|Neomixis striatigula
insert|node|sttjer2
insert|node|sttjer3
insert|node|Calamonastes undosus x
insert|node|x00966
insert|node|y01150
insert|node|Camaroptera chloronota
insert|node|olgcam2
insert|node|olgcam3
insert|node|rolcis4
insert|node|zitcis4
insert|node|zitcis5
insert|node|Poodytes
insert|node|Poodytes punctatus
insert|node|Cincloramphus
insert|node|Cincloramphus whitneyi
insert|node|Cincloramphus macrurus
insert|node|papgra1
insert|node|papgra2
insert|node|Poodytes/Cincloramphus/Megalurus
insert|node|rocmar4
insert|node|rocmar5
insert|node|Hirundo tahitica
insert|node|pacswa4
insert|node|pacswa5
insert|node|Atronanus
insert|node|Pycnonotus cafer
insert|node|Pycnonotus cafer x
insert|node|x00967
insert|node|crebul1
insert|node|Pycnonotus simplex
insert|node|crvbul2
insert|node|crvbul3
insert|node|y01151
insert|node|ashbul6
insert|node|cinbul1
insert|node|Hemixos cinereus
insert|node|y01152
insert|node|Phyllergates cucullatus/Tickellia
insert|node|y01153
insert|node|leswhi4
insert|node|Sylvia curruca curruca
insert|node|olwwar1
insert|node|abywhe1
insert|node|Zosterops pallidus
insert|node|Zosterops pallidus x
insert|node|x00968
insert|node|y01154
insert|node|heuwhe2
insert|node|indwhe1
insert|node|humwhe1
insert|node|sanwhe2
insert|node|Zosterops [undescribed Meratus
insert|node|warwhe1
insert|node|swiwhe1
insert|node|y01155
insert|node|Zosterops chloris
insert|node|lebwhe1
insert|node|lebwhe2
insert|node|capbab4
insert|node|lobgna5
insert|node|y01156
insert|node|y01157
insert|node|Campylorhynchus albobrunneus
insert|node|Campylorhynchus albobrunneus x
insert|node|x00969
insert|node|Pheugopedius genibarbis
insert|node|Pheugopedius genibarbis x
insert|node|x00970
insert|node|raista2
insert|node|Gracula religiosa
insert|node|cohmyn1
insert|node|cohmyn2
insert|node|mevsta1
insert|node|Ramphocinclus brachyurus
insert|node|whbthr3
insert|node|whbthr4
insert|node|Allenia fusca/Margarops
insert|node|y01158
insert|node|Toxostoma curvirostre x
insert|node|x00971
insert|node|x00972
insert|node|scathr9
insert|node|Geokichla piaggiae
insert|node|abygrt1
insert|node|y01159
insert|node|y01160
insert|node|Turdus eunomus
insert|node|Turdus eunomus x
insert|node|x00973
insert|node|rutscr1
insert|node|Cercotrichas galactotes
insert|node|Cyornis banyumas
insert|node|hibfly2
insert|node|hibfly3
insert|node|hibfly4
insert|node|subfly4
insert|node|subfly5
insert|node|eacaka4
insert|node|eacaka5
insert|node|eacaka6
insert|node|y01161
insert|node|whbsho12
insert|node|Campicoloides
insert|node|Emarginata
insert|node|Pinarochroa
insert|node|Pinarochroa sordida
insert|node|Myrmecocichla arnotti
insert|node|arncha1
insert|node|arncha2
insert|node|y01162
insert|node|Oenanthe scotocerca
insert|node|olbsun9
insert|node|Kurochkinegramma
insert|node|y01163
insert|node|rehfod4
insert|node|reufod1
insert|node|Amandava amandava
insert|node|redava1
insert|node|redava2
insert|node|quailf1
insert|node|Ortygospiza atricollis
insert|node|y01164
insert|node|Passer italiae
insert|node|Passer italiae x
insert|node|x00974
insert|node|Gymnoris
insert|node|Anthus bogotensis
insert|node|parpip2
insert|node|parpip3
insert|node|bkhcan2
insert|node|Serinus alario
insert|node|Emberiza tahapisi
insert|node|Emberiza tahapisi x
insert|node|x00975
insert|node|x00976
insert|node|y01165
insert|node|bertow1
insert|node|y01166
insert|node|y01167
insert|node|Quiscalus major x
insert|node|x00977
insert|node|Leiothlypis
insert|node|Leiothlypis celata
insert|node|Leiothlypis ruficapilla
insert|node|Leiothlypis celata x
insert|node|Leiothlypis crissalis
insert|node|Leiothlypis crissalis x
insert|node|Leiothlypis ruficapilla x
insert|node|Leiothlypis ruficapilla x Setophaga
insert|node|x00978
insert|node|x00979
insert|node|Setophaga tigrina
insert|node|Setophaga tigrina x
insert|node|x00980
insert|node|y01168
insert|node|y01169
insert|node|Chalcothraupis
insert|node|Chalcothraupis ruficervix
insert|node|Poecilostreptus
insert|node|Stilpnia
insert|node|Stilpnia cyanoptera
insert|node|Stilpnia cayana
insert|node|Stilpnia cucullata
insert|node|Tangara/Stilpnia
insert|node|y01170
insert|node|Diglossa brunneiventris
insert|node|Diglossa brunneiventris x
insert|node|x00981
insert|node|Phrygilus gayi
insert|node|gyhsif2
insert|node|gyhsif3
insert|node|Rhopospina
insert|node|Rhopospina fruticeti
insert|node|Phrygilus/Idiopsar/Geospizopsis/Rhopospina/Porphyrospiza
insert|node|Poospizopsis
insert|node|barfin1
insert|node|Microspingus/Poospizopsis/Castanozoster/Poospiza
insert|node|y01171
insert|node|Phonipara
insert|node|Asemospiza
insert|node|grasal4
delete|branch|Claravis|pwgdov1
delete|branch|Claravis|mcgdov1
delete|branch|Hemiphaga|noipig1
delete|branch|Phaethornis|marher1
delete|branch|Heliangelus|bogsun2
delete|branch|Calliphlox|putwoo1
delete|branch|Calliphlox|matwoo1
delete|branch|Calliphlox|inawoo2
delete|branch|Calliphlox|bahwoo
delete|branch|Sarothruridae|Canirallus
delete|branch|Canirallus|tsiwor1
delete|branch|Canirallus|madwor1
delete|branch|Gallinula|lesmoo1
delete|branch|Chroicocephalus|silgul1
delete|branch|Chroicocephalus|rebgul1
delete|branch|Puffinus assimilis|litshe4
delete|branch|Puffinus bailloni|troshe4
delete|branch|Nisaetus|crehae1
delete|branch|Nisaetus|chahae1
delete|branch|Otus manadensis|sulsco3
delete|branch|Otus manadensis|sulsco2
delete|branch|Ninox novaeseelandiae|souboo7
delete|branch|Ninox novaeseelandiae|souboo1
delete|branch|Ninox novaeseelandiae|souboo6
delete|branch|Ninox novaeseelandiae|souboo5
delete|branch|Ninox novaeseelandiae|souboo4
delete|branch|Trogon|orbtro1
delete|branch|Coracias benghalensis|indrol3
delete|branch|Coracias benghalensis|indrol2
delete|branch|Psilopogon|gofbar1
delete|branch|Psilopogon|gowbar1
delete|branch|Psilopogon franklinii|gotbar3
delete|branch|Psilopogon franklinii|gotbar2
delete|branch|Dryobates|y00964
delete|branch|Dinopium benghalense|bkrfla2
delete|branch|Dinopium benghalense|bkrfla1
delete|branch|Picus viridis|grnwoo3
delete|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|railor7
delete|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|railor8
delete|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|railor5
delete|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|railor2
delete|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|railor3
delete|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|railor4
delete|branch|Psittacara holochlorus|grnpar2
delete|branch|Passeriformes|Paradoxornithidae
delete|branch|Epinecrophylla|bnbant1
delete|branch|Epinecrophylla|sttant5
delete|branch|Epinecrophylla|sttant4
delete|branch|Leptasthenura|tatspi1
delete|branch|Cranioleuca|sutspi1
delete|branch|Tyrannidae|Myiobius
delete|branch|Tyrannidae|Terenotriccus
delete|branch|Tyrannidae|Onychorhynchus
delete|branch|Pipridae|Piprites
delete|branch|Daphoenositta chrysoptera|varsit1
delete|branch|Dicrurus|sqtdro1
delete|branch|Dicrurus adsimilis|fotdro4
delete|branch|Dicrurus modestus|vemdro5
delete|branch|Corvus enca|slbcro3
delete|branch|Calandrella|erllar1
delete|branch|Calandrella blanfordi|blalar4
delete|branch|Petrochelidon|forswa2
delete|branch|Ramphocaenus melanurus|lobgna4
delete|branch|Arizelocichla nigriceps|easmog4
delete|branch|Arizelocichla nigriceps|easmog3
delete|branch|Arizelocichla nigriceps|easmog6
delete|branch|Hemixos flavala|ashbul5
delete|branch|Hemixos flavala|ashbul4
delete|branch|Megalurus|megalu1
delete|branch|Megalurus|flrgra1
delete|branch|Megalurus|rufson1
delete|branch|Megalurus|tawgra1
delete|branch|Megalurus|broson1
delete|branch|Megalurus|litgra1
delete|branch|Megalurus|chifer1
delete|branch|Megalurus|fernbi1
delete|branch|Megalurus|spibir1
delete|branch|Calamonastes undosus|miowrw3
delete|branch|Calamonastes undosus|miowrw2
delete|branch|Camaroptera brachyura|gnbcam3
delete|branch|Sylvia|y01050
delete|branch|Sylvia|marwhi1
delete|branch|Sylvia|y01049
delete|branch|Sylvia|y00752
delete|branch|Sylvia|y01048
delete|branch|Sylvia|leswhi1
delete|branch|Sylvia|humwhi1
delete|branch|Sylvia|smawhi1
delete|branch|Sylvia abyssinica|afhbab3
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Neosuthora
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Suthora
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Sinosuthora
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Chleuasicus
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Paradoxornis
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Psittiparus
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Cholornis
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Conostoma
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Chamaea
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Rhopophilus
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Fulvetta
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Chrysomma
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Lioparus
delete|branch|Paradoxornithidae|Myzornis
delete|branch|Zosterops|merwhe1
delete|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe10
delete|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe4
delete|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe8
delete|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe9
delete|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe3
delete|branch|Zosterops abyssinicus|whbwhe3
delete|branch|Alcippe|ludful1
delete|branch|Cercotrichas|afrscr1
delete|branch|Cercotrichas|rtsrob1
delete|branch|Brachypteryx montana|whbsho6
delete|branch|Brachypteryx montana|whbsho5
delete|branch|Brachypteryx montana|whbsho4
delete|branch|Saxicola|busbus1
delete|branch|Myrmecocichla|wfbcha1
delete|branch|Oenanthe|mouwhe1
delete|branch|Zoothera dauma|scathr6
delete|branch|Geokichla|kigthr1
delete|branch|Turdus ignobilis|bkbthr3
delete|branch|Turdus ignobilis|bkbthr4
delete|branch|Arachnothera|punsun1
delete|branch|Anthus|jacpip1
delete|branch|Serinus|damcan1
delete|branch|Serinus|bkhcan1
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|vermiv1
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|virwar
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|naswar
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|lucwar
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|colwar
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|orcwar
delete|branch|Oreothlypis|tenwar
delete|branch|Tangara|tangar2
delete|branch|Tangara|blntan1
delete|branch|Tangara|gohtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|mastan1
delete|branch|Tangara|scrtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|leatan1
delete|branch|Tangara|bubtan2
delete|branch|Tangara|grctan1
delete|branch|Tangara|chbtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|blbtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|gagtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|azrtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|sirtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|gnttan1
delete|branch|Tangara|blctan1
delete|branch|Tangara|siltan1
delete|branch|Tangara|blhtan1
delete|branch|Tangara|gontan1
delete|branch|Phrygilus|sierra1
delete|branch|Phrygilus|btsfin1
delete|branch|Phrygilus|casfin1
delete|branch|Phrygilus|wtsfin1
delete|branch|Phrygilus|rbsfin1
delete|branch|Phrygilus|mosfin1
delete|branch|Poospiza|cbmfin1
delete|branch|Poospiza|rswfin1
delete|branch|Tiaris|bkfgra
delete|branch|Tiaris|soogra2
delete|branch|Tiaris|ducgra2
delete|branch|Tiaris|cubgra
delete|branch|Foudia eminentissima|rehfod3
delete|branch|Ortygospiza|afrqua2
delete|branch|Ortygospiza|rebqua1
delete|branch|Ortygospiza|bkfqua1
insert|branch|Melanitta|whwsco1
insert|branch|Melanitta|whwsco2
insert|branch|Rhizothera|lobpar2
insert|branch|Rhizothera|lobpar3
insert|branch|Pternistis|chnfra3
insert|branch|Pternistis|chnfra1
insert|branch|Crossoptilon|whieap1
insert|branch|Crossoptilon|whieap2
insert|branch|Treron|madgrp1
insert|branch|Treron|madgrp2
insert|branch|Ducula|torimp1
insert|branch|Ducula|torimp2
insert|branch|Batrachostomus|shtfro2
insert|branch|Batrachostomus|shtfro3
insert|branch|Oreotrochilus|andhil3
insert|branch|Oreotrochilus|andhil2
insert|branch|Rallidae|Canirallus
insert|branch|Gallinula|trimoo3
insert|branch|Gallinula|trimoo2
insert|branch|Turnix|hotbut1
insert|branch|Turnix|hotbut3
insert|branch|Puffinus|litshe4
insert|branch|Puffinus|troshe4
insert|branch|Theristicus|bkfibi2
insert|branch|Theristicus|bkfibi1
insert|branch|Threskiornis|sacibi3
insert|branch|Threskiornis|sacibi2
insert|branch|Pernis|barhob2
insert|branch|Pernis|barhob1
insert|branch|Circus|reuhar3
insert|branch|Circus|reuhar2
insert|branch|Circus|easmah2
insert|branch|Circus|easmah1
insert|branch|Otus|sulsco3
insert|branch|Otus|sulsco2
insert|branch|Trogon collaris|orbtro1
insert|branch|Tanysiptera|bubpak2
insert|branch|Tanysiptera|bubpak1
insert|branch|Coracias|indrol3
insert|branch|Coracias|indrol2
insert|branch|Psilopogon|gotbar3
insert|branch|Psilopogon|gotbar2
insert|branch|Dinopium|bkrfla2
insert|branch|Dinopium|bkrfla1
insert|branch|Picus|grnwoo3
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|railor5
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|railor7
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|railor4
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|railor2
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|railor8
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|railor3
insert|branch|Poicephalus|bnnpar2
insert|branch|Psittacara|grnpar2
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota|sttant5
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota|bnbant1
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota|sttant4
insert|branch|Xiphorhynchus|leswoo2
insert|branch|Xiphorhynchus|leswoo4
insert|branch|Sylviorthorhynchus|tatspi1
insert|branch|Limnoctites|sutspi1
insert|branch|Oxyruncidae|Myiobius
insert|branch|Oxyruncidae|Terenotriccus
insert|branch|Oxyruncidae|Onychorhynchus
insert|branch|Tyrannidae|Piprites
insert|branch|Elaenia|sieela2
insert|branch|Elaenia|sieela3
insert|branch|Elaenia|higela2
insert|branch|Elaenia|higela3
insert|branch|Sericulus|flabow2
insert|branch|Sericulus|flabow3
insert|branch|Philemon|bkffri2
insert|branch|Philemon|bkffri1
insert|branch|Calamanthus|ruffie3
insert|branch|Calamanthus|ruffie2
insert|branch|Ptilorrhoa|blujeb2
insert|branch|Ptilorrhoa|blujeb1
insert|branch|Pericrocotus|whbmin2
insert|branch|Pericrocotus|whbmin3
insert|branch|Coracina|ashcus2
insert|branch|Coracina|ashcus3
insert|branch|Daphoenositta|varsit1
insert|branch|Vireo pallens|thbvir2
insert|branch|Pitohui|varpit3
insert|branch|Pitohui|varpit2
insert|branch|Pitohui|varpit4
insert|branch|Artamidae|Strepera
insert|branch|Artamidae|Gymnorhina
insert|branch|Artamidae|Cracticus
insert|branch|Artamidae|Peltops
insert|branch|Batis|bkhbat2
insert|branch|Batis|bkhbat1
insert|branch|Dicrurus|vemdro5
insert|branch|Dicrurus|fotdro4
insert|branch|Clytorhynchus|bktshr2
insert|branch|Clytorhynchus|bktshr1
insert|branch|Corvus|slbcro3
insert|branch|Petroica|pacrob1
insert|branch|Petroica|pacrob2
insert|branch|Petroica|nezrob3
insert|branch|Petroica|nezrob2
insert|branch|Calandrella|blalar4
insert|branch|Calandrella blanfordi|erllar1
insert|branch|Calamonastes|miowrw3
insert|branch|Calamonastes|miowrw2
insert|branch|Camaroptera|gnbcam3
insert|branch|Apalis|chtapa3
insert|branch|Apalis|chtapa2
insert|branch|Apalis|batapa5
insert|branch|Apalis|batapa3
insert|branch|Apalis|batapa4
insert|branch|Apalis|batapa2
insert|branch|Cisticola|wincis2
insert|branch|Cisticola|wincis5
insert|branch|Cisticola|wincis4
insert|branch|Cisticola|wincis6
insert|branch|Cisticola|wincis3
insert|branch|Arizelocichla|easmog4
insert|branch|Arizelocichla|easmog3
insert|branch|Arizelocichla|easmog6
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|orsbul3
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|orsbul2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|rolwar1
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Paradoxornithidae
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Neosuthora
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Suthora
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Sinosuthora
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Chleuasicus
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Paradoxornis
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Psittiparus
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Cholornis
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Conostoma
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Chamaea
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Rhopophilus
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Fulvetta
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Chrysomma
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Lioparus
insert|branch|Sylviidae|Myzornis
insert|branch|Sylvia|afhbab3
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|y01049
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|humwhi1
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|y01050
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|marwhi1
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|y01048
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|smawhi1
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|leswhi1
insert|branch|Fulvetta|ludful1
insert|branch|Zosterops|brrwhe8
insert|branch|Zosterops|brrwhe3
insert|branch|Zosterops|brrwhe10
insert|branch|Zosterops|brrwhe4
insert|branch|Zosterops|whbwhe3
insert|branch|Zosterops|brrwhe9
insert|branch|Napothera|namscb1
insert|branch|Napothera|stsbab1
insert|branch|Ianthocincla|chibub1
insert|branch|Ianthocincla|chibab2
insert|branch|Ramphocaenus|lobgna4
insert|branch|Polioptila|guigna4
insert|branch|Polioptila|guigna2
insert|branch|Polioptila|inagna1
insert|branch|Polioptila|guigna3
insert|branch|Polioptila|whlgna3
insert|branch|Polioptila|whlgna2
insert|branch|Zoothera|scathr6
insert|branch|Turdus|bkbthr3
insert|branch|Turdus|bkbthr4
insert|branch|Alethe|ficale2
insert|branch|Alethe|ficale3
insert|branch|Cyornis|tibfly4
insert|branch|Cyornis|tibfly3
insert|branch|Brachypteryx|whbsho6
insert|branch|Brachypteryx|whbsho5
insert|branch|Brachypteryx|whbsho4
insert|branch|Myrmecocichla|mouwhe1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|retwhe2
insert|branch|Oenanthe|retwhe3
insert|branch|Oenanthe|indcha1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|brtcha1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|somcha1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|famcha1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|blacks1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|wfbcha1
insert|branch|Anthreptes|pltsun3
insert|branch|Anthreptes|pltsun2
insert|branch|Cinnyris|edcsun1
insert|branch|Cinnyris|edcsun4
insert|branch|Cinnyris|edcsun3
insert|branch|Cinnyris|miosun3
insert|branch|Cinnyris|miosun2
insert|branch|Foudia|rehfod3
insert|branch|Coccopygia|swewax3
insert|branch|Coccopygia|swewax1
insert|branch|Passer|desspa4
insert|branch|Passer|desspa3
insert|branch|Anthus cinnamomeus|jacpip1
insert|branch|Fringilla|blucha3
insert|branch|Fringilla|blucha2
insert|branch|Rhynchostruthus|gowgro3
insert|branch|Rhynchostruthus|gowgro2
insert|branch|Crithagra|sthsee2
insert|branch|Crithagra|sthsee3
insert|branch|Atlapetes|yegfin1
insert|branch|Atlapetes|yetfin1
insert|branch|Thraupidae|tangar1
insert|branch|Idiopsar|wtsfin1
insert|branch|Idiopsar|rbsfin1
insert|branch|Porphyrospiza|btsfin1
insert|branch|Porphyrospiza|casfin1
insert|branch|Melanospiza|bkfgra
insert|branch|Dendrocygna|Dendrocygna viduata
insert|branch|Dendrocygna viduata|Dendrocygna viduata x
insert|branch|Dendrocygna viduata x|x00938
insert|branch|Anser albifrons x Branta|x00939
insert|branch|Alopochen|reushe1
insert|branch|Alopochen|maushe1
insert|branch|Tadorna|Tadorna tadorna
insert|branch|Tachyeres|Tachyeres pteneres
insert|branch|Tachyeres pteneres|flistd2
insert|branch|Tadorna tadorna|Tadorna tadorna x
insert|branch|Tadorna tadorna x|Tadorna tadorna x Aix
insert|branch|Tadorna tadorna x Aix|x00940
insert|branch|Chenonetta|finduc1
insert|branch|Mareca|amsduc1
insert|branch|Anas|mauduc1
insert|branch|Anas|y01131
insert|branch|Anas|y01130
insert|branch|Anas|y01129
insert|branch|Anas|y01128
insert|branch|Mareca americana x Anas|x00941
insert|branch|Anas crecca|Anas crecca crecca
insert|branch|Anas crecca crecca|Anas crecca crecca x
insert|branch|Anas crecca crecca x|gnwtea1
insert|branch|Somateria|Somateria fischeri
insert|branch|Somateria fischeri|Somateria fischeri x
insert|branch|Somateria fischeri x|x00942
insert|branch|Arborophila|Arborophila chloropus
insert|branch|Arborophila chloropus|scbpar3
insert|branch|Arborophila chloropus|scbpar2
insert|branch|Francolinus|Francolinus francolinus
insert|branch|Francolinus francolinus|blkfra2
insert|branch|Francolinus francolinus|blkfra1
insert|branch|Crossoptilon|Crossoptilon harmani
insert|branch|Crossoptilon harmani|Crossoptilon harmani x
insert|branch|Crossoptilon harmani x|x00943
insert|branch|Columbidae|Paraclaravis
insert|branch|Columba|mauwop1
insert|branch|Nesoenas|rodtud1
insert|branch|Nesoenas|mautud1
insert|branch|Nesoenas|reupig1
insert|branch|Paraclaravis|pwgdov1
insert|branch|Paraclaravis|mcgdov1
insert|branch|Zentrygon|Zentrygon linearis
insert|branch|Zentrygon linearis|linqud2
insert|branch|Zentrygon linearis|linqud1
insert|branch|Alectroenas|rodblp1
insert|branch|Ducula aenea|grnimp5
insert|branch|Hemiphaga|Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae
insert|branch|Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae|nezpig1
insert|branch|Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae|noipig1
insert|branch|Cuculidae|Nannococcyx
insert|branch|Nannococcyx|sthcuc1
insert|branch|Caprimulgus|Caprimulgus [undescribed
insert|branch|Caprimulgus [undescribed|Caprimulgus [undescribed Timor
insert|branch|Caprimulgus [undescribed Timor|timnig1
insert|branch|Chaetura vauxi|vauswi4
insert|branch|Trochilidae|Nesophlox
insert|branch|Trochilidae|Philodice
insert|branch|Phaethornis|Phaethornis maranhaoensis
insert|branch|Phaethornis maranhaoensis|Phaethornis maranhaoensis [unrecognized
insert|branch|Phaethornis maranhaoensis [unrecognized|marher1
insert|branch|Schistes|webhum2
insert|branch|Heliangelus amethysticollis|amtsun4
insert|branch|Aglaiocercus|Aglaiocercus kingii
insert|branch|Oreotrochilus|buthil1
insert|branch|Aglaiocercus kingii|Aglaiocercus kingii x
insert|branch|Aglaiocercus kingii x|Aglaiocercus kingii x Trochilidae
insert|branch|Aglaiocercus kingii x|Aglaiocercus kingii x Metallura
insert|branch|Aglaiocercus kingii x Metallura|x00944
insert|branch|Coeligena torquata|colinc5
insert|branch|Coeligena torquata|colinc4
insert|branch|Lampornis|Lampornis calolaemus
insert|branch|Lampornis calolaemus|Lampornis calolaemus x
insert|branch|Lampornis calolaemus x|x00945
insert|branch|Thaumastura|Thaumastura cora
insert|branch|Thaumastura cora|Thaumastura cora x
insert|branch|Thaumastura cora x|Thaumastura cora x Eulidia
insert|branch|Thaumastura cora x Eulidia|x00736
insert|branch|Philodice|putwoo1
insert|branch|Philodice|matwoo1
insert|branch|Calothorax lucifer x|Calothorax lucifer x Archilochus
insert|branch|Calothorax lucifer x Archilochus|x00946
insert|branch|Nesophlox|inawoo2
insert|branch|Nesophlox|bahwoo
insert|branch|Thalurania|y01132
insert|branch|Amazilia|Amazilia alfaroana
insert|branch|Amazilia|buvhum1
insert|branch|Amazilia|stvhum2
insert|branch|Amazilia amazilia|amahum5
insert|branch|Amazilia amazilia|amahum4
insert|branch|Amazilia alfaroana|Amazilia alfaroana [unrecognized
insert|branch|Amazilia alfaroana [unrecognized|guahum1
insert|branch|Amazilia tzacatl|Amazilia tzacatl x
insert|branch|Amazilia tzacatl x|x00947
insert|branch|Lepidopyga|lepido3
insert|branch|Aglaiocercus kingii x Trochilidae|bogsun2
insert|branch|Sarothruridae|Mentrocrex
insert|branch|Mentrocrex|tsiwor1
insert|branch|Mentrocrex|madwor1
insert|branch|Rallidae|Paragallinula
insert|branch|Rallidae|Diaphorapteryx
insert|branch|Rallidae|Mundia
insert|branch|Rallidae|Erythromachus
insert|branch|Rallidae|Aphanapteryx
insert|branch|Rallus elegans|Rallus elegans x
insert|branch|Rallus elegans x|x00948
insert|branch|Dryolimnas|reurai1
insert|branch|Aphanapteryx|redrai1
insert|branch|Erythromachus|rodrai1
insert|branch|Atlantisia|sthcra1
insert|branch|Mundia|asccra1
insert|branch|Diaphorapteryx|hawrai1
insert|branch|Tribonyx|hodwat1
insert|branch|Paragallinula|lesmoo1
insert|branch|Fulica|mascoo1
insert|branch|Porphyrio|reugal1
insert|branch|Porphyrio|necgal1
insert|branch|Porphyrio|marswa1
insert|branch|Zapornia|milrai1
insert|branch|Zapornia|sthrai1
insert|branch|Antigone|Antigone antigone
insert|branch|Antigone antigone|Antigone antigone x
insert|branch|Antigone antigone x|x00949
insert|branch|Himantopus|y01133
insert|branch|Haematopus|Haematopus finschi
insert|branch|Haematopus finschi|Haematopus finschi x
insert|branch|Haematopus finschi x|x00928
insert|branch|Chroicocephalus|Chroicocephalus novaehollandiae
insert|branch|Chroicocephalus|silgul2
insert|branch|Chroicocephalus novaehollandiae|rebgul1
insert|branch|Chroicocephalus novaehollandiae|silgul1
insert|branch|Larus fuscus|lbbgul6
insert|branch|Sterna|y01134
insert|branch|Fulmarus glacialis|norful4
insert|branch|Pterodroma|y01135
insert|branch|Pterodroma|lshpet1
insert|branch|Bulweria|sshpet1
insert|branch|Pseudobulweria|pseudo2
insert|branch|Puffinus|troshe5
insert|branch|Puffinus|litshe8
insert|branch|Mycteria|y01136
insert|branch|Sula|Sula nebouxii
insert|branch|Sula nebouxii|Sula nebouxii x
insert|branch|Sula nebouxii x|x00950
insert|branch|Phalacrocorax|Phalacrocorax chalconotus
insert|branch|Phalacrocorax chalconotus|stisha2
insert|branch|Phalacrocorax chalconotus|stisha1
insert|branch|Nycticorax|rodnih1
insert|branch|Nycticorax|maunih1
insert|branch|Nycticorax|reunih1
insert|branch|Nyctanassa|bernih1
insert|branch|Accipitridae|Bermuteo
insert|branch|Spilornis cheela|cresee9
insert|branch|Nisaetus|Nisaetus cirrhatus
insert|branch|Nisaetus cirrhatus|chahae1
insert|branch|Nisaetus cirrhatus|crehae1
insert|branch|Buteogallus|Buteogallus urubitinga
insert|branch|Buteogallus urubitinga|grbhaw3
insert|branch|Buteogallus urubitinga|grbhaw2
insert|branch|Bermuteo|berhaw1
insert|branch|Otus|mausco1
insert|branch|Otus|rodsco1
insert|branch|Otus|reusco1
insert|branch|Otus|y01137
insert|branch|Megascops|Megascops cooperi
insert|branch|Megascops cooperi|pacsco2
insert|branch|Megascops cooperi|pacsco1
insert|branch|Glaucidium|y01138
insert|branch|Strix|y01139
insert|branch|Aegolius|bswowl1
insert|branch|Aegolius|Aegolius acadicus
insert|branch|Aegolius acadicus|nswowl2
insert|branch|Aegolius acadicus|nswowl1
insert|branch|Ninox|morepo2
insert|branch|Ninox|Ninox boobook
insert|branch|Ninox|souboo8
insert|branch|Ninox boobook|souboo7
insert|branch|Ninox boobook|souboo1
insert|branch|Ninox boobook|souboo5
insert|branch|Ninox boobook|souboo4
insert|branch|Ninox boobook|souboo6
insert|branch|Upupa|sthhoo1
insert|branch|Phoeniculus|Phoeniculus castaneiceps
insert|branch|Phoeniculus|Phoeniculus bollei
insert|branch|Phoeniculus bollei|whhwoo3
insert|branch|Phoeniculus bollei|whhwoo2
insert|branch|Phoeniculus castaneiceps|forwoo3
insert|branch|Phoeniculus castaneiceps|forwoo2
insert|branch|Ceyx|Ceyx fallax
insert|branch|Ceyx fallax|suldwk2
insert|branch|Ceyx fallax|suldwk1
insert|branch|Merops|Merops variegatus
insert|branch|Merops variegatus|bubbee2
insert|branch|Merops variegatus|bubbee1
insert|branch|Coracias benghalensis|Coracias benghalensis x
insert|branch|Coracias benghalensis x|indrol4
insert|branch|Psilopogon|Psilopogon chrysopogon
insert|branch|Psilopogon|gowbar2
insert|branch|Psilopogon franklinii|gotbar5
insert|branch|Psilopogon franklinii|gotbar4
insert|branch|Psilopogon chrysopogon|gofbar1
insert|branch|Psilopogon chrysopogon|gowbar1
insert|branch|Picumnus|y01141
insert|branch|Picumnus|y01140
insert|branch|Picumnus cirratus|Picumnus cirratus x
insert|branch|Picumnus cirratus x|x00952
insert|branch|Picumnus cirratus x|x00951
insert|branch|Dendrocopos|Dendrocopos darjellensis/Dryobates
insert|branch|Dendrocopos darjellensis/Dryobates|y00964
insert|branch|Dinopium benghalense|Dinopium benghalense x
insert|branch|Dinopium benghalense x|bkrfla3
insert|branch|Picus|eugwoo2
insert|branch|Picus viridis|Picus viridis x
insert|branch|Picus viridis x|eugwoo1
insert|branch|Colaptes|berfli1
insert|branch|Falco|reukes1
insert|branch|Eolophus|Eolophus roseicapilla
insert|branch|Eolophus roseicapilla|Eolophus roseicapilla x
insert|branch|Eolophus roseicapilla x|Eolophus roseicapilla x Cacatua
insert|branch|Eolophus roseicapilla x Cacatua|x00953
insert|branch|Psittaculidae|Necopsittacus
insert|branch|Psittaculidae|Lophopsittacus
insert|branch|Coracopsis|Coracopsis nigra
insert|branch|Coracopsis nigra|levpar2
insert|branch|Coracopsis nigra|levpar1
insert|branch|Alisterus|Alisterus scapularis
insert|branch|Alisterus scapularis|Alisterus scapularis x
insert|branch|Alisterus scapularis x|Alisterus scapularis x Aprosmictus
insert|branch|Alisterus scapularis x Aprosmictus|x00954
insert|branch|Eclectus|ocepar1
insert|branch|Eclectus|Eclectus roratus
insert|branch|Eclectus roratus|eclpar4
insert|branch|Eclectus roratus|eclpar3
insert|branch|Eclectus roratus|eclpar2
insert|branch|Eclectus roratus|eclpar1
insert|branch|Geoffroyus|Geoffroyus heteroclitus
insert|branch|Geoffroyus heteroclitus|sinpar3
insert|branch|Geoffroyus heteroclitus|sinpar2
insert|branch|Psittacula|Psittacula himalayana
insert|branch|Psittacula himalayana|Psittacula himalayana x
insert|branch|Psittacula himalayana x|x00955
insert|branch|Lophopsittacus|brbpar3
insert|branch|Lophopsittacus|magpar1
insert|branch|Necopsittacus|rodpar1
insert|branch|Psittacella|Psittacella picta
insert|branch|Psittacella picta|paitip2
insert|branch|Psittacella picta|paitip1
insert|branch|Platycercus elegans x|x00956
insert|branch|Cyclopsitta gulielmitertii|orbfip4
insert|branch|Charmosyna|Charmosyna papou
insert|branch|Charmosyna papou|paplor3
insert|branch|Charmosyna papou|paplor2
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|y01142
insert|branch|Trichoglossus|Trichoglossus rubritorquis
insert|branch|Trichoglossus haematodus|coclor1
insert|branch|Trichoglossus rubritorquis|Trichoglossus rubritorquis x
insert|branch|Trichoglossus rubritorquis x|x00957
insert|branch|Poicephalus|Poicephalus fuscicollis
insert|branch|Poicephalus fuscicollis|bnnpar4
insert|branch|Poicephalus fuscicollis|bnnpar3
insert|branch|Amazona|guapar1
insert|branch|Amazona|marpar1
insert|branch|Amazona viridigenalis x|x00958
insert|branch|Pyrrhura melanura|matpar5
insert|branch|Psittacara|guapar2
insert|branch|Psittacara|Psittacara wagleri
insert|branch|Psittacara holochlorus|Psittacara holochlorus x
insert|branch|Psittacara holochlorus x|x00959
insert|branch|Psittacara wagleri|scfpar3
insert|branch|Psittacara wagleri|scfpar2
insert|branch|Passeriformes|olwwar1
insert|branch|Thamnophilus|y01143
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla|rubsti1
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota|Epinecrophylla haematonota fjeldsaai
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota fjeldsaai|Epinecrophylla haematonota fjeldsaai x
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota fjeldsaai x|x00931
insert|branch|Grallaria|Grallaria guatimalensis
insert|branch|Grallaria guatimalensis|scaant9
insert|branch|Grallaria guatimalensis|scaant8
insert|branch|Grallaria guatimalensis|scaant7
insert|branch|Grallaria guatimalensis|scaant6
insert|branch|Grallaria guatimalensis|scaant5
insert|branch|Grallaria guatimalensis|scaant4
insert|branch|Dendrocolaptes|Dendrocolaptes sanctithomae
insert|branch|Dendrocolaptes sanctithomae|norbaw2
insert|branch|Dendrocolaptes sanctithomae|norbaw1
insert|branch|Asthenes dorbignyi|crbcan5
insert|branch|Antilophia|Antilophia galeata
insert|branch|Antilophia galeata|Antilophia galeata x
insert|branch|Antilophia galeata x|Antilophia galeata x Chiroxiphia
insert|branch|Antilophia galeata x Chiroxiphia|x00960
insert|branch|Heterocercus|hetero1
insert|branch|Tityra|Tityra leucura
insert|branch|Tityra leucura|Tityra leucura [unrecognized
insert|branch|Tityra leucura [unrecognized|whttit2
insert|branch|Iodopleura|Iodopleura pipra
insert|branch|Iodopleura pipra|butpur3
insert|branch|Iodopleura pipra|butpur2
insert|branch|Pachyramphus viridis|gnbbec3
insert|branch|Todirostrum|Todirostrum cinereum
insert|branch|Todirostrum cinereum|comtof2
insert|branch|Todirostrum cinereum|comtof1
insert|branch|Tolmomyias assimilis|yemfly8
insert|branch|Tolmomyias assimilis|yemfly7
insert|branch|Tolmomyias assimilis|yemfly6
insert|branch|Tolmomyias assimilis|yemfly5
insert|branch|Tolmomyias assimilis|yemfly4
insert|branch|Phyllomyias|Phyllomyias griseiceps
insert|branch|Phyllomyias griseiceps|sohtyr5
insert|branch|Phyllomyias griseiceps|sohtyr4
insert|branch|Phyllomyias griseiceps|sohtyr3
insert|branch|Phyllomyias griseiceps|sohtyr2
insert|branch|Myiophobus fasciatus|brcfly4
insert|branch|Muscisaxicola rufivertex|rungrt3
insert|branch|Myiarchus|y01144
insert|branch|Sericulus|Sericulus chrysocephalus
insert|branch|Sericulus chrysocephalus|Sericulus chrysocephalus x
insert|branch|Sericulus chrysocephalus x|Sericulus chrysocephalus x Ptilonorhynchus
insert|branch|Sericulus chrysocephalus x Ptilonorhynchus|x00961
insert|branch|Meliphaga|Meliphaga gracilis
insert|branch|Meliphaga gracilis|grahon5
insert|branch|Meliphaga gracilis|grahon4
insert|branch|Edolisoma tenuirostre|comcic6
insert|branch|Edolisoma tenuirostre|comcic5
insert|branch|Edolisoma tenuirostre|comcic4
insert|branch|Edolisoma tenuirostre|comcic3
insert|branch|Edolisoma tenuirostre|comcic2
insert|branch|Edolisoma tenuirostre|comcic1
insert|branch|Daphoenositta|varsit8
insert|branch|Vireo|vireo2
insert|branch|Vireo|y01146
insert|branch|Vireo|y01145
insert|branch|Pachycephala|biawhi1
insert|branch|Pachycephala|Pachycephala macrorhyncha
insert|branch|Pachycephala macrorhyncha|yetwhi6
insert|branch|Pachycephala macrorhyncha|yetwhi5
insert|branch|Pachycephala macrorhyncha|yetwhi4
insert|branch|Pachycephala macrorhyncha|yetwhi3
insert|branch|Pachycephala macrorhyncha|yetwhi2
insert|branch|Pitohui|y01147
insert|branch|Artamus|Artamus personatus
insert|branch|Artamus personatus|Artamus personatus x
insert|branch|Artamus personatus x|x00962
insert|branch|Newtonia|Newtonia amphichroa
insert|branch|Newtonia amphichroa|darnew3
insert|branch|Newtonia amphichroa|darnew2
insert|branch|Schetba|Schetba rufa
insert|branch|Schetba rufa|rufvan3
insert|branch|Schetba rufa|rufvan2
insert|branch|Artamella|Artamella viridis
insert|branch|Artamella viridis|whhvan3
insert|branch|Artamella viridis|whhvan2
insert|branch|Dicrurus|vemdro6
insert|branch|Dicrurus|fotdro5
insert|branch|Dicrurus|cstdro1
insert|branch|Dicrurus|shadro1
insert|branch|Dicrurus|wstdro1
insert|branch|Dicruridae|Dircurus
insert|branch|Dircurus|sqtdro1
insert|branch|Monarcha|Monarcha melanopsis
insert|branch|Monarcha|Monarcha castaneiventris
insert|branch|Monarcha castaneiventris|chbmon4
insert|branch|Monarcha castaneiventris|chbmon3
insert|branch|Monarcha castaneiventris|chbmon2
insert|branch|Monarcha melanopsis|Monarcha melanopsis x
insert|branch|Monarcha melanopsis x|x00963
insert|branch|Cyanocitta stelleri x Aphelocoma|x00964
insert|branch|Petroica|Petroica pusilla
insert|branch|Petroica pusilla|pacrob5
insert|branch|Petroica pusilla|pacrob4
insert|branch|Petroica pusilla|pacrob3
insert|branch|Cyanistes|y01148
insert|branch|Cyanistes|Cyanistes caeruleus
insert|branch|Cyanistes caeruleus|Cyanistes caeruleus x
insert|branch|Cyanistes caeruleus x|x00965
insert|branch|Baeolophus|y01149
insert|branch|Alauda arvensis|eursky1
insert|branch|Neomixis|Neomixis striatigula
insert|branch|Neomixis striatigula|sttjer3
insert|branch|Neomixis striatigula|sttjer2
insert|branch|Calamonastes undosus|Calamonastes undosus x
insert|branch|Calamonastes undosus x|x00966
insert|branch|Camaroptera|Camaroptera chloronota
insert|branch|Camaroptera|y01150
insert|branch|Camaroptera chloronota|olgcam3
insert|branch|Camaroptera chloronota|olgcam2
insert|branch|Cisticola aberrans|rolcis4
insert|branch|Cisticola juncidis|zitcis5
insert|branch|Cisticola juncidis|zitcis4
insert|branch|Locustellidae|Poodytes/Cincloramphus/Megalurus
insert|branch|Locustellidae|Cincloramphus
insert|branch|Locustellidae|Poodytes
insert|branch|Poodytes|Poodytes punctatus
insert|branch|Poodytes|fernbi1
insert|branch|Poodytes|chifer1
insert|branch|Poodytes|litgra1
insert|branch|Poodytes|spibir1
insert|branch|Poodytes|flrgra1
insert|branch|Poodytes punctatus|fernbi3
insert|branch|Poodytes punctatus|fernbi2
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|tawgra1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|Cincloramphus macrurus
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|tawgra2
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|tawgra3
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|Cincloramphus whitneyi
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|guathi1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|lolwar1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|bouthi1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|necgra1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|rufson1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|bubbus1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|rusthi1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|bisthi1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus|broson1
insert|branch|Cincloramphus whitneyi|guathi3
insert|branch|Cincloramphus whitneyi|guathi2
insert|branch|Cincloramphus macrurus|papgra2
insert|branch|Cincloramphus macrurus|papgra1
insert|branch|Poodytes/Cincloramphus/Megalurus|megalu1
insert|branch|Hirundinidae|Atronanus
insert|branch|Ptyonoprogne fuligula|rocmar5
insert|branch|Ptyonoprogne fuligula|rocmar4
insert|branch|Hirundo|Hirundo tahitica
insert|branch|Hirundo tahitica|pacswa5
insert|branch|Hirundo tahitica|pacswa4
insert|branch|Atronanus|forswa2
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|y01151
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|Pycnonotus simplex
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|crebul1
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|Pycnonotus cafer
insert|branch|Pycnonotus cafer|Pycnonotus cafer x
insert|branch|Pycnonotus cafer x|x00967
insert|branch|Pycnonotus simplex|crvbul3
insert|branch|Pycnonotus simplex|crvbul2
insert|branch|Hemixos|Hemixos cinereus
insert|branch|Hemixos|cinbul1
insert|branch|Hemixos flavala|ashbul6
insert|branch|Hemixos cinereus|ashbul5
insert|branch|Hemixos cinereus|ashbul4
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y01152
insert|branch|Phyllergates|Phyllergates cucullatus/Tickellia
insert|branch|Phyllergates cucullatus/Tickellia|y01153
insert|branch|Sylvia|leswhi4
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca|Sylvia curruca curruca
insert|branch|Sylvia curruca curruca|y00752
insert|branch|Zosterops|Zosterops chloris
insert|branch|Zosterops|y01155
insert|branch|Zosterops|swiwhe1
insert|branch|Zosterops|warwhe1
insert|branch|Zosterops|sanwhe2
insert|branch|Zosterops|humwhe1
insert|branch|Zosterops|indwhe1
insert|branch|Zosterops|heuwhe2
insert|branch|Zosterops|y01154
insert|branch|Zosterops|Zosterops pallidus
insert|branch|Zosterops abyssinicus|abywhe1
insert|branch|Zosterops pallidus|Zosterops pallidus x
insert|branch|Zosterops pallidus x|x00968
insert|branch|Zosterops [undescribed|Zosterops [undescribed Meratus
insert|branch|Zosterops [undescribed Meratus|merwhe1
insert|branch|Zosterops chloris|lebwhe2
insert|branch|Zosterops chloris|lebwhe1
insert|branch|Turdoides atripennis|capbab4
insert|branch|Ramphocaenus|lobgna5
insert|branch|Polioptila|y01157
insert|branch|Polioptila|y01156
insert|branch|Campylorhynchus|Campylorhynchus albobrunneus
insert|branch|Campylorhynchus albobrunneus|Campylorhynchus albobrunneus x
insert|branch|Campylorhynchus albobrunneus x|x00969
insert|branch|Pheugopedius|Pheugopedius genibarbis
insert|branch|Pheugopedius genibarbis|Pheugopedius genibarbis x
insert|branch|Pheugopedius genibarbis x|x00970
insert|branch|Aplonis|raista2
insert|branch|Gracula|Gracula religiosa
insert|branch|Gracula religiosa|cohmyn2
insert|branch|Gracula religiosa|cohmyn1
insert|branch|Lamprotornis mevesii|mevsta1
insert|branch|Ramphocinclus|Ramphocinclus brachyurus
insert|branch|Ramphocinclus brachyurus|whbthr4
insert|branch|Ramphocinclus brachyurus|whbthr3
insert|branch|Allenia|Allenia fusca/Margarops
insert|branch|Allenia fusca/Margarops|y01158
insert|branch|Toxostoma curvirostre|Toxostoma curvirostre x
insert|branch|Toxostoma curvirostre x|x00971
insert|branch|Sialia sialis x|x00972
insert|branch|Zoothera dauma|scathr9
insert|branch|Geokichla|Geokichla piaggiae
insert|branch|Geokichla piaggiae|kigthr1
insert|branch|Geokichla piaggiae|abygrt1
insert|branch|Turdus|Turdus eunomus
insert|branch|Turdus|y01160
insert|branch|Turdus|y01159
insert|branch|Turdus eunomus|Turdus eunomus x
insert|branch|Turdus eunomus x|x00973
insert|branch|Muscicapidae|Pinarochroa
insert|branch|Muscicapidae|Emarginata
insert|branch|Muscicapidae|Campicoloides
insert|branch|Cercotrichas|Cercotrichas galactotes
insert|branch|Cercotrichas|rutscr1
insert|branch|Cercotrichas galactotes|afrscr1
insert|branch|Cercotrichas galactotes|rtsrob1
insert|branch|Cyornis|Cyornis banyumas
insert|branch|Cyornis banyumas|hibfly4
insert|branch|Cyornis banyumas|hibfly3
insert|branch|Cyornis banyumas|hibfly2
insert|branch|Cyornis omissus|subfly5
insert|branch|Cyornis omissus|subfly4
insert|branch|Sheppardia gunningi|eacaka6
insert|branch|Sheppardia gunningi|eacaka5
insert|branch|Sheppardia gunningi|eacaka4
insert|branch|Brachypteryx|whbsho12
insert|branch|Brachypteryx|y01161
insert|branch|Campicoloides|busbus1
insert|branch|Emarginata|tracha1
insert|branch|Emarginata|karcha1
insert|branch|Emarginata|siccha1
insert|branch|Pinarochroa|Pinarochroa sordida
insert|branch|Pinarochroa|moocha1
insert|branch|Pinarochroa sordida|moocha6
insert|branch|Pinarochroa sordida|moocha5
insert|branch|Pinarochroa sordida|moocha4
insert|branch|Pinarochroa sordida|moocha2
insert|branch|Myrmecocichla|Myrmecocichla arnotti
insert|branch|Myrmecocichla arnotti|arncha2
insert|branch|Myrmecocichla arnotti|arncha1
insert|branch|Oenanthe|Oenanthe scotocerca
insert|branch|Oenanthe|y01162
insert|branch|Oenanthe scotocerca|bntcha2
insert|branch|Oenanthe scotocerca|bntcha1
insert|branch|Nectariniidae|Kurochkinegramma
insert|branch|Cinnyris jugularis|olbsun9
insert|branch|Kurochkinegramma|punsun1
insert|branch|Ploceus|y01163
insert|branch|Foudia|reufod1
insert|branch|Foudia eminentissima|rehfod4
insert|branch|Amandava|Amandava amandava
insert|branch|Amandava amandava|redava2
insert|branch|Amandava amandava|redava1
insert|branch|Ortygospiza|Ortygospiza atricollis
insert|branch|Ortygospiza|quailf1
insert|branch|Ortygospiza atricollis|afrqua2
insert|branch|Ortygospiza atricollis|rebqua1
insert|branch|Ortygospiza atricollis|bkfqua1
insert|branch|Lonchura|y01164
insert|branch|Passeridae|Gymnoris
insert|branch|Passer|Passer italiae
insert|branch|Passer italiae|Passer italiae x
insert|branch|Passer italiae x|x00974
insert|branch|Gymnoris|buspet1
insert|branch|Gymnoris|yetpet1
insert|branch|Gymnoris|chspet1
insert|branch|Gymnoris|yespet1
insert|branch|Anthus|Anthus bogotensis
insert|branch|Anthus bogotensis|parpip3
insert|branch|Anthus bogotensis|parpip2
insert|branch|Serinus|Serinus alario
insert|branch|Serinus|bkhcan2
insert|branch|Serinus alario|damcan1
insert|branch|Serinus alario|bkhcan1
insert|branch|Emberiza|Emberiza tahapisi
insert|branch|Emberiza tahapisi|Emberiza tahapisi x
insert|branch|Emberiza tahapisi x|x00975
insert|branch|Spizella passerina x|x00976
insert|branch|Ammospiza|y01165
insert|branch|Pipilo|bertow1
insert|branch|Phaenicophilus|y01166
insert|branch|Teretistris|y01167
insert|branch|Quiscalus major|Quiscalus major x
insert|branch|Quiscalus major x|x00977
insert|branch|Parulidae|Leiothlypis
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|vermiv1
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|Leiothlypis crissalis
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|virwar
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|Leiothlypis ruficapilla
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|naswar
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|lucwar
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|colwar
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|Leiothlypis celata
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|orcwar
insert|branch|Leiothlypis|tenwar
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata|Leiothlypis celata x
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata|orcwar4
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata|orcwar3
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata|orcwar2
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata|orcwar1
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata|orcwar5
insert|branch|Leiothlypis ruficapilla|Leiothlypis ruficapilla x
insert|branch|Leiothlypis ruficapilla|naswar2
insert|branch|Leiothlypis ruficapilla|naswar1
insert|branch|Leiothlypis celata x|x00819
insert|branch|Leiothlypis crissalis|Leiothlypis crissalis x
insert|branch|Leiothlypis crissalis x|x00638
insert|branch|Setophaga|Setophaga tigrina
insert|branch|Leiothlypis ruficapilla x|Leiothlypis ruficapilla x Setophaga
insert|branch|Leiothlypis ruficapilla x Setophaga|x00820
insert|branch|Setophaga magnolia x|x00979
insert|branch|Setophaga magnolia x|x00978
insert|branch|Setophaga tigrina|Setophaga tigrina x
insert|branch|Setophaga tigrina x|x00980
insert|branch|Myioborus|y01168
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Asemospiza
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Phonipara
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Microspingus/Poospizopsis/Castanozoster/Poospiza
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Poospizopsis
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Phrygilus/Idiopsar/Geospizopsis/Rhopospina/Porphyrospiza
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Rhopospina
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Tangara/Stilpnia
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Stilpnia
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Poecilostreptus
insert|branch|Thraupidae|Chalcothraupis
insert|branch|Paroaria|y01169
insert|branch|Chalcothraupis|Chalcothraupis ruficervix
insert|branch|Chalcothraupis|gontan1
insert|branch|Chalcothraupis ruficervix|gontan3
insert|branch|Chalcothraupis ruficervix|gontan2
insert|branch|Poecilostreptus|gagtan1
insert|branch|Poecilostreptus|azrtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|blntan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|gohtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|mastan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|scrtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|Stilpnia cucullata
insert|branch|Stilpnia|leatan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|Stilpnia cayana
insert|branch|Stilpnia|bubtan2
insert|branch|Stilpnia|grctan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|chbtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|blbtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|sirtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|gnttan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|blctan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|siltan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia|Stilpnia cyanoptera
insert|branch|Stilpnia|blhtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia cyanoptera|bkhtan2
insert|branch|Stilpnia cyanoptera|bkhtan1
insert|branch|Stilpnia cayana|bubtan3
insert|branch|Stilpnia cayana|bubtan4
insert|branch|Stilpnia cucullata|leatan3
insert|branch|Stilpnia cucullata|leatan2
insert|branch|Tangara/Stilpnia|tangar2
insert|branch|Hemithraupis|y01170
insert|branch|Diglossa|Diglossa brunneiventris
insert|branch|Diglossa brunneiventris|Diglossa brunneiventris x
insert|branch|Diglossa brunneiventris x|x00981
insert|branch|Phrygilus|Phrygilus gayi
insert|branch|Phrygilus gayi|gyhsif3
insert|branch|Phrygilus gayi|gyhsif2
insert|branch|Rhopospina|Rhopospina fruticeti
insert|branch|Rhopospina|mosfin1
insert|branch|Rhopospina fruticeti|mousif2
insert|branch|Rhopospina fruticeti|mousif1
insert|branch|Phrygilus/Idiopsar/Geospizopsis/Rhopospina/Porphyrospiza|sierra1
insert|branch|Poospizopsis|rswfin1
insert|branch|Poospizopsis|cbmfin1
insert|branch|Poospiza|barfin1
insert|branch|Microspingus/Poospizopsis/Castanozoster/Poospiza|warbli1
insert|branch|Sporophila|y01171
insert|branch|Phonipara|cubgra
insert|branch|Asemospiza|soogra2
insert|branch|Asemospiza|ducgra2
insert|branch|Saltator coerulescens|grasal4
