delete|node|comduc1
delete|node|Sarkidiornis melanotos
delete|node|Anas platyrhynchos platyrhynchos
delete|node|Anas platyrhynchos platyrhynchos x
delete|node|Melanitta fusca
delete|node|rudduc1
delete|node|Pagodroma nivea
delete|node|snopet2
delete|node|snopet3
delete|node|roahaw1
delete|node|Nesoclopeus
delete|node|Nesoclopeus woodfordi
delete|node|Crecopsis
delete|node|Hapalocrex/Porzana/Zapornia
delete|node|Habroptila
delete|node|Eulabeornis
delete|node|Porphyrio/Gallinula/Fulica
delete|node|Zenaida macroura
delete|node|moudov1
delete|node|moudov2
delete|node|socpig1
delete|node|Goura scheepmakeri
delete|node|litbrc4
delete|node|sulsco1
delete|node|webhum2
delete|node|Schistes geoffroyi
delete|node|whthil1
delete|node|Urochroa bougueri
delete|node|Dendropicos
delete|node|Dendropicos elliotii
delete|node|Dendropicos goertae
delete|node|Dendropicos griseocephalus
delete|node|Dendrocopos cathpharius
delete|node|Picoides scalaris
delete|node|Picoides scalaris x
delete|node|Picoides pubescens
delete|node|Picoides nuttallii
delete|node|Picoides nuttallii x
delete|node|Picoides villosus
delete|node|Picoides pubescens x
delete|node|picoid
delete|node|Veniliornis
delete|node|venili1
delete|node|Celeus flavescens
delete|node|Dryocopus lineatus/Campephilus
delete|node|Picus mentalis
delete|node|Picus viridis x
delete|node|Dinopium javanense/Chrysocolaptes
delete|node|Sapheopipo
delete|node|thlant1
delete|node|Myrmothera campanisona
delete|node|paltyr1
delete|node|Zimmerius vilissimus
delete|node|strman1
delete|node|Machaeropterus regulus
delete|node|Malurus lamberti
delete|node|varfai4
delete|node|Myzomela [undescribed Rote
delete|node|Pityriaseidae
delete|node|sogshr2
delete|node|Lanius meridionalis
delete|node|sogshr1
delete|node|Hylophilus/Tunchiornis/Pachyslvia
delete|node|Vireo olivaceus
delete|node|bknori3
delete|node|vemdro2
delete|node|hacdro2
delete|node|ruffan2
delete|node|Rhipidura teysmanni
delete|node|Calandrella brachydactyla/Alaudala cheleensis/Alaudala
delete|node|eurnut5
delete|node|trogna4
delete|node|libgre1
delete|node|firecr2
delete|node|Regulus ignicapilla
delete|node|Seicercus
delete|node|Seicercus grammiceps
delete|node|seicer1
delete|node|Urorhipis
delete|node|Urorhipis rufifrons
delete|node|brrwhe2
delete|node|Zosterops capensis
delete|node|htjfly1
delete|node|Pseudalethe
delete|node|Pseudalethe poliocephala
delete|node|Nesocichla
delete|node|slathr1
delete|node|Turdus nigriceps
delete|node|Turdus migratorius/Ixoreus
delete|node|Amaurocichla
delete|node|amepip1
delete|node|yelpip1
delete|node|Anthus lutescens
delete|node|tropar6
delete|node|tropar8
delete|node|Ramphocelus costaricensis
delete|node|Ramphocelus costaricensis x
delete|node|bubmot2
delete|node|goltan3
delete|node|wilfin1
delete|node|Nesospiza wilkinsi
delete|node|barfin1
delete|node|Poospiza nigrorufa
delete|node|Sporophila torqueola
delete|node|banana2
delete|node|banana1
delete|node|Ammodramus nelsoni
delete|node|Ammodramus nelsoni x
delete|node|Ammodramus maritimus
delete|node|ammodr1
delete|node|Spizelloides/Spizella
delete|node|Melophus
delete|node|Latoucheornis
delete|node|blbgro1
delete|node|Cyanoloxia cyanoides
insert|node|y01080
insert|node|Anser indicus x Branta
insert|node|x00908
insert|node|Radjah
insert|node|y01098
insert|node|Anas diazi
insert|node|Anas diazi x
insert|node|x00922
insert|node|y01099
insert|node|Anas superciliosa
insert|node|Anas superciliosa x
insert|node|x00926
insert|node|x00925
insert|node|Anas gracilis
insert|node|Anas gracilis x
insert|node|x00913
insert|node|anas1
insert|node|Anas gracilis x Aythya
insert|node|x00912
insert|node|whwsco4
insert|node|Melanitta deglandi
insert|node|x00909
insert|node|andduc1
insert|node|Oxyura ferruginea
insert|node|andduc2
insert|node|Ortalis guttata
insert|node|specha6
insert|node|specha5
insert|node|y01112
insert|node|y01078
insert|node|Macropygia doreya
insert|node|sulcud3
insert|node|sulcud4
insert|node|spgpig1
insert|node|crowne1
insert|node|Treron curvirostra
insert|node|thbpig3
insert|node|thbpig2
insert|node|Musophagiformes
insert|node|y01087
insert|node|litbrc5
insert|node|y01091
insert|node|y01093
insert|node|y01094
insert|node|Caprimulgus sp.
insert|node|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed
insert|node|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed Timor
insert|node|timnig1
insert|node|y01084
insert|node|y01077
insert|node|Amazilia luciae
insert|node|Amazilia luciae x
insert|node|x00916
insert|node|Gallirallus woodfordi
insert|node|Fulica atra
insert|node|Fulica atra x
insert|node|x00911
insert|node|hawcoo1
insert|node|hawcoo2
insert|node|Gallinula/Fulica/Porphyrio
insert|node|Porzana/Zapornia/Hapalocrex
insert|node|Haematopus longirostris
insert|node|Haematopus longirostris x
insert|node|x00928
insert|node|y01074
insert|node|y01125
insert|node|x00915
insert|node|icegul2
insert|node|Sterna hirundo hirundo/tibetana
insert|node|Sterna hirundo hirundo/tibetana x
insert|node|comter3
insert|node|Sterna hirundo x
insert|node|x00910
insert|node|y01065
insert|node|thalas1
insert|node|Eudyptes chrysolophus
insert|node|Eudyptes chrysolophus x
insert|node|x00921
insert|node|Oceanitidae
insert|node|Oceanitidae/Hydrobatidae
insert|node|Daption capense
insert|node|cappet1
insert|node|cappet2
insert|node|Fregata ariel
insert|node|lesfri1
insert|node|lesfri2
insert|node|brnpel4
insert|node|y01116
insert|node|Clanga/Aquila
insert|node|y01070
insert|node|Accipiter badius
insert|node|shikra2
insert|node|shikra3
insert|node|y01073
insert|node|roahaw3
insert|node|roahaw4
insert|node|rethaw9
insert|node|x00930
insert|node|Otus brookii
insert|node|rajsco2
insert|node|rajsco1
insert|node|sulsco6
insert|node|sulsco5
insert|node|Megascops ingens
insert|node|rufsco2
insert|node|foosco1
insert|node|Megascops roraimae
insert|node|Megascops kennicottii x
insert|node|x00933
insert|node|Glaucidium brodiei
insert|node|colowl2
insert|node|colowl3
insert|node|burowl5
insert|node|burowl1
insert|node|burowl6
insert|node|burowl4
insert|node|burowl7
insert|node|Strix leptogrammica
insert|node|brnwoo2
insert|node|brnwoo1
insert|node|Trogon rufus
insert|node|bkttro7
insert|node|bkttro5
insert|node|bkttro6
insert|node|bkttro4
insert|node|Harpactes oreskios
insert|node|orbtro5
insert|node|orbtro4
insert|node|y01097
insert|node|y01079
insert|node|Pogoniulus bilineatus
insert|node|yertin2
insert|node|y01095
insert|node|souemt2
insert|node|Verreauxia
insert|node|Yungipicus
insert|node|Leiopicus
insert|node|Dendrocoptes
insert|node|Chloropicus
insert|node|Chloropicus elliotii
insert|node|Chloropicus goertae
insert|node|Chloropicus griseocephalus
insert|node|Dendrocopos major x
insert|node|x00914
insert|node|Dryobates
insert|node|Dryobates cathpharius
insert|node|Dryobates pubescens
insert|node|Dryobates pubescens x
insert|node|y01076
insert|node|Dryobates nuttallii
insert|node|Dryobates nuttallii x
insert|node|Dryobates villosus
insert|node|Dryobates scalaris
insert|node|Dryobates scalaris x
insert|node|dryoba1
insert|node|Chrysocolaptes guttacristatus/Dinopium
insert|node|y01090
insert|node|Picus canus x
insert|node|Chrysophlegma
insert|node|Picus chlorolophus/Chrysophlegma
insert|node|Chrysophlegma mentale
insert|node|Campephilus sp./Dryocopus
insert|node|Colaptes auratus x
insert|node|x00924
insert|node|y01111
insert|node|Cacatua sanguinea
insert|node|Cacatua sanguinea x
insert|node|x00920
insert|node|Coracopsis
insert|node|y01061
insert|node|Psittacula longicauda
insert|node|lotpar3
insert|node|lotpar6
insert|node|lotpar5
insert|node|lotpar4
insert|node|Traversia
insert|node|rufant12
insert|node|y01114
insert|node|y01113
insert|node|Epinecrophylla haematonota
insert|node|Epinecrophylla haematonota x
insert|node|x00931
insert|node|Microrhopias quixensis
insert|node|dowant3
insert|node|dowant5
insert|node|dowant7
insert|node|dowant6
insert|node|dowant8
insert|node|dowant2
insert|node|dowant4
insert|node|Oneillornis
insert|node|stcant9
insert|node|stcant8
insert|node|Thripophaga fusciceps
insert|node|plasof2
insert|node|plasof4
insert|node|plasof3
insert|node|licspi5
insert|node|Cranioleuca antisiensis
insert|node|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed
insert|node|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed La
insert|node|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed La Libertad
insert|node|necspi4
insert|node|y01089
insert|node|pertyr2
insert|node|Hemitriccus minor
insert|node|snetot1
insert|node|snetot2
insert|node|Pyrrhomyias cinnamomeus
insert|node|cinfly3
insert|node|cinfly4
insert|node|cinfly1
insert|node|ducfly6
insert|node|ducfly5
insert|node|Myiarchus swainsoni
insert|node|swafly2
insert|node|swafly4
insert|node|Chiroxiphia pareola
insert|node|bubman2
insert|node|bubman1
insert|node|bubman3
insert|node|strman5
insert|node|Machaeropterus striolatus
insert|node|y01121
insert|node|austre1
insert|node|Malurus assimilis
insert|node|varfai5
insert|node|y01109
insert|node|y01063
insert|node|Phylidonyris novaehollandiae
insert|node|Phylidonyris novaehollandiae x
insert|node|x00923
insert|node|y01096
insert|node|Pityriasidae
insert|node|y01115
insert|node|Pseudorectes
insert|node|litshr6
insert|node|litshr1
insert|node|litshr3
insert|node|litshr5
insert|node|litshr4
insert|node|litshr2
insert|node|Platylophidae
insert|node|ibgshr1
insert|node|Lanius excubitor
insert|node|grgshr2
insert|node|grgshr4
insert|node|grgshr1
insert|node|grgshr5
insert|node|grgshr3
insert|node|Hylophilus/Tunchiornis/Pachysylvia
insert|node|chivir1
insert|node|Vireo chivi
insert|node|bknori4
insert|node|bknori6
insert|node|bknori5
insert|node|bknori7
insert|node|Dicrurus ludwigii
insert|node|sqtdro2
insert|node|sqtdro3
insert|node|Dicrurus adsimilis
insert|node|fotdro4
insert|node|fotdro3
insert|node|fotdro2
insert|node|vemdro5
insert|node|vemdro4
insert|node|hacdro6
insert|node|hacdro4
insert|node|hacdro7
insert|node|hacdro12
insert|node|hacdro8
insert|node|hacdro10
insert|node|hacdro9
insert|node|hacdro5
insert|node|hacdro11
insert|node|Dicrurus sumatranus
insert|node|sumdro3
insert|node|sumdro2
insert|node|Dicrurus densus
insert|node|waldro4
insert|node|waldro2
insert|node|waldro5
insert|node|waldro7
insert|node|waldro6
insert|node|waldro3
insert|node|Dicrurus bracteatus
insert|node|spadro7
insert|node|spadro5
insert|node|spadro3
insert|node|spadro9
insert|node|spadro8
insert|node|spadro2
insert|node|spadro4
insert|node|spadro6
insert|node|spadro10
insert|node|bacdro1
insert|node|y01067
insert|node|orimag1
insert|node|y01104
insert|node|Corvus cornix
insert|node|hoocro2
insert|node|hoocro3
insert|node|Paradisaea raggiana
insert|node|Paradisaea raggiana x
insert|node|x00929
insert|node|y01118
insert|node|y01086
insert|node|Melanochlora sultanea
insert|node|sultit3
insert|node|sultit2
insert|node|y01066
insert|node|Parus minor
insert|node|japtit4
insert|node|japtit2
insert|node|japtit1
insert|node|japtit5
insert|node|japtit3
insert|node|eurnut9
insert|node|eurnut10
insert|node|eurnut7
insert|node|eurnut8
insert|node|Polioptila albiloris
insert|node|whlgna2
insert|node|whlgna3
insert|node|trogna9
insert|node|trogna6
insert|node|trogna8
insert|node|trogna7
insert|node|trogna5
insert|node|Brachypodius
insert|node|Rubigula
insert|node|Nok
insert|node|pycnon3
insert|node|Brachypodius/Rubigula/Pycnonotus
insert|node|goldcr6
insert|node|goldcr7
insert|node|goldcr5
insert|node|Sylvietta brachyura
insert|node|norcro3
insert|node|norcro2
insert|node|y01101
insert|node|Phylloscopus trochiloides
insert|node|grewar6
insert|node|grewar5
insert|node|grewar4
insert|node|y01088
insert|node|Phylloscopus grammiceps
insert|node|Phylloscopus [undescribed
insert|node|Phylloscopus [undescribed Rote
insert|node|Arundinax
insert|node|y01100
insert|node|dabwar1
insert|node|jabwar1
insert|node|Locustella montis
insert|node|Oreophilais
insert|node|Phragmacia
insert|node|Oreolais
insert|node|Prinia rufifrons
insert|node|y01127
insert|node|Sylvia mystacea
insert|node|menwar2
insert|node|menwar3
insert|node|afywhe3
insert|node|afywhe4
insert|node|brrwhe6
insert|node|brrwhe7
insert|node|brrwhe9
insert|node|brrwhe8
insert|node|brrwhe10
insert|node|Zosterops virens
insert|node|y01105
insert|node|y01110
insert|node|y01119
insert|node|Pomatorhinus montanus
insert|node|chbscb2
insert|node|chbscb1
insert|node|Laticilla
insert|node|Turdinus sepiarius
insert|node|horbab1
insert|node|horbab3
insert|node|horbab4
insert|node|y01072
insert|node|y01085
insert|node|y01092
insert|node|Cyornis poliogenys
insert|node|Cyornis poliogenys x
insert|node|x00927
insert|node|y01069
insert|node|banjuf1
insert|node|suljuf1
insert|node|y01103
insert|node|Chamaetylas
insert|node|Chamaetylas poliocephala
insert|node|y01124
insert|node|y01071
insert|node|y01123
insert|node|Otocichla
insert|node|Ixoreus naevius/Turdus
insert|node|Mimus gundlachii
insert|node|Mimus gundlachii x
insert|node|x00907
insert|node|y01122
insert|node|y01106
insert|node|Motacilla flava x
insert|node|x00934
insert|node|Anthus furcatus
insert|node|shbpip3
insert|node|shbpip2
insert|node|y01064
insert|node|y01075
insert|node|y01108
insert|node|Pinicola enucleator
insert|node|pingro2
insert|node|pingro3
insert|node|pingro4
insert|node|pingro5
insert|node|pingro1
insert|node|pingro6
insert|node|redcro29
insert|node|Calcarius lapponicus
insert|node|Calcarius lapponicus x
insert|node|Calcarius lapponicus x Plectrophenax
insert|node|x00919
insert|node|Emberiza godlewskii
insert|node|godbun2
insert|node|godbun3
insert|node|y01126
insert|node|y01083
insert|node|Arremon flavirostris
insert|node|sabspa4
insert|node|sabspa2
insert|node|sabspa3
insert|node|Spizella/Spizelloides
insert|node|Zonotrichia capensis
insert|node|rucspa6
insert|node|rucspa5
insert|node|Ammospiza
insert|node|Ammospiza maritima
insert|node|Ammospiza nelsoni
insert|node|Ammospiza nelsoni x
insert|node|ammosp1
insert|node|Centronyx
insert|node|Ammodramus savannarum/Centronyx
insert|node|y01082
insert|node|y01081
insert|node|Teretistris fernandinae
insert|node|Teretistris fernandinae x
insert|node|x00935
insert|node|Leistes
insert|node|y01117
insert|node|Agelasticus cyanopus
insert|node|unibla1
insert|node|unibla3
insert|node|tropar9
insert|node|x00937
insert|node|y01068
insert|node|Passerina cyanea
insert|node|Passerina cyanea x
insert|node|x00918
insert|node|Ramphocelus passerinii
insert|node|Ramphocelus passerinii x
insert|node|bubmot4
insert|node|bubmot3
insert|node|goltan4
insert|node|goltan5
insert|node|Conirostrum albifrons
insert|node|capcon3
insert|node|capcon2
insert|node|inifin1
insert|node|y01102
insert|node|Sporophila leucoptera
insert|node|whbsee3
insert|node|whbsee4
insert|node|banana6
insert|node|banana11
insert|node|banana9
insert|node|banana12
insert|node|banana7
insert|node|banana10
insert|node|banana8
insert|node|banana5
insert|node|Camarhynchus pallidus
insert|node|woofin2
insert|node|woofin3
insert|node|x00917
insert|node|Gymnornis
insert|node|y01062
insert|node|y01120
insert|node|nigrit1
insert|node|y01107
insert|node|parrot2
insert|node|Lonchura malacca
insert|node|Lonchura malacca x
insert|node|x00932
insert|node|Lonchura flaviprymna
insert|node|Lonchura flaviprymna x
insert|node|x00936
delete|branch|Tadorna|radshe1
delete|branch|Anas|dabduc1
delete|branch|Anas|teal
delete|branch|Anas platyrhynchos|mexduc
delete|branch|Anas platyrhynchos|mallar3
delete|branch|Oxyura jamaicensis|rudduc2
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|stopet
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|storm-2
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|storm-1
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|Nesofregetta
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|Fregetta
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|Pelagodroma
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|Garrodia
delete|branch|Hydrobatidae|Oceanites
delete|branch|Gallirallus|slbrai1
delete|branch|Cuculiformes|Musophagidae
delete|branch|Megascops|colsco1
delete|branch|Megascops guatemalae|versco3
delete|branch|Megascops guatemalae|versco4
delete|branch|Megascops guatemalae|versco2
delete|branch|Ninox|whbowl1
delete|branch|Campylopterus largipennis|gybsab4
delete|branch|Pogoniulus|whctin1
delete|branch|Sasia|afrpic1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|miswoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|y00964
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|crbwoo3
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|arawoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|yecwoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|brfwoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|leswoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|pygwoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|y00735
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|gycwoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|bncwoo2
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|bncwoo3
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|phiwoo3
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|phiwoo1
delete|branch|Dendrocopos|sulwoo2
delete|branch|Picoides|whhwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|recwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|strwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|ariwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|y00322
delete|branch|Picoides|haiwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|smbwoo1
delete|branch|Picoides|dowwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|y00965
delete|branch|Picoides|nutwoo
delete|branch|Picoides|labwoo
delete|branch|Picus|chtwoo1
delete|branch|Picus|y00736
delete|branch|Picus|greyel1
delete|branch|Picus|banwoo2
delete|branch|Mascarinus|y00873
delete|branch|Mascarinus|blapar1
delete|branch|Mascarinus|seypar1
delete|branch|Mascarinus|vaspar1
delete|branch|Xenicus|stiwre1
delete|branch|Percnostola|whlant1
delete|branch|Gymnopithys|lunant2
delete|branch|Gymnopithys|whtant1
delete|branch|Grallaricula ferrugineipectus|rubant7
delete|branch|Automolus ochrolaemus|butfog4
delete|branch|Cranioleuca|barspi1
delete|branch|Cranioleuca|licspi2
delete|branch|Zimmerius chrysops|goftyr4
delete|branch|Laniarius poensis|mosbou4
delete|branch|Colluricincla|whbpit1
delete|branch|Colluricincla|ruspit1
delete|branch|Rhipiduridae|pelfan1
delete|branch|Monarchidae|Eutrichomyias
delete|branch|Corvidae|Platylophus
delete|branch|Pica pica|eurmag6
delete|branch|Pica pica|eurmag5
delete|branch|Pica pica|eurmag3
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|pycnon1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|bafbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|spebul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|gybbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|scbbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|bkcbul4
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|bkcbul3
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|blcbul2
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|bkcbul2
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|bkcbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|gyhbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|yewbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|andbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|blhbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|pubbul1
delete|branch|Pycnonotus|bawbul2
delete|branch|Regulus|caikin1
delete|branch|Phylloscopidae|rolwar1
delete|branch|Iduna|thbwar1
delete|branch|Locustella|timbuw1
delete|branch|Locustella|javbuw1
delete|branch|Apalis|ruwapa1
delete|branch|Apalis|blcapa2
delete|branch|Prinia|robpri1
delete|branch|Prinia|nampri1
delete|branch|Prinia|swapri1
delete|branch|Prinia|ruvpri1
delete|branch|Muscicapidae|Grandala
delete|branch|Turdus|chithr2
delete|branch|Turdus poliocephalus|islthr24
delete|branch|Geothlypis aequinoctialis|masyel3
delete|branch|Thraupidae|Orthogonys
delete|branch|Thraupidae|Lamprospiza
delete|branch|Ramphocelus|chetan1
delete|branch|Ramphocelus|pastan1
delete|branch|Nesospiza acunhae|nigfin3
delete|branch|Loxigilla|grabul1
delete|branch|Loxigilla|purbul1
delete|branch|Ammodramus|seaspa
delete|branch|Ammodramus|shtspa
delete|branch|Ammodramus|sstspa
delete|branch|Ammodramus|nstspa
delete|branch|Ammodramus|lecspa
delete|branch|Ammodramus|henspa
delete|branch|Ammodramus|baispa
delete|branch|Sturnella|lotmea1
delete|branch|Sturnella|pammea1
delete|branch|Sturnella|permea1
delete|branch|Sturnella|whbbla2
delete|branch|Sturnella|rebbla1
delete|branch|Petronia|buspet1
delete|branch|Petronia|yetpet1
delete|branch|Petronia|chspet1
delete|branch|Petronia|yespet1
insert|branch|Anatidae|dabduc1
insert|branch|Anatidae|teal
insert|branch|Sarkidiornis|comduc3
insert|branch|Sarkidiornis|comduc2
insert|branch|Anas|mexduc
insert|branch|Anas|mallar3
insert|branch|Anas platyrhynchos x|mallar4
insert|branch|Melanitta|whwsco3
insert|branch|Goura|soucrp2
insert|branch|Goura|soucrp1
insert|branch|Schistes|webhum1
insert|branch|Schistes|webhum3
insert|branch|Urochroa|whthil3
insert|branch|Urochroa|whthil2
insert|branch|Campylopterus|gybsab4
insert|branch|Crex|afrcra1
insert|branch|Lewinia|slbrai1
insert|branch|Gallirallus|bawrai1
insert|branch|Gallirallus|woorai1
insert|branch|Gallirallus|cherai1
insert|branch|Gallirallus|invrai1
insert|branch|Megascops|versco2
insert|branch|Athene|whbowl1
insert|branch|Dendrocopos|okiwoo1
insert|branch|Celeus|blcwoo4
insert|branch|Celeus|blcwoo5
insert|branch|Myrmoborus|whlant1
insert|branch|Myrmothera|thlant3
insert|branch|Myrmothera|thlant2
insert|branch|Grallaricula|rubant7
insert|branch|Automolus|butfog4
insert|branch|Zimmerius|paltyr5
insert|branch|Zimmerius|paltyr4
insert|branch|Zimmerius|paltyr3
insert|branch|Zimmerius|paltyr2
insert|branch|Zimmerius viridiflavus|goftyr4
insert|branch|Machaeropterus|strman2
insert|branch|Myzomela|rotmyz2
insert|branch|Laniarius|mosbou4
insert|branch|Vireo|reevir1
insert|branch|Rhipiduridae|Eutrichomyias
insert|branch|Rhipidura|pelfan1
insert|branch|Rhipidura|rubfan3
insert|branch|Rhipidura|rubfan2
insert|branch|Pica|eurmag6
insert|branch|Pica|eurmag5
insert|branch|Pica|eurmag3
insert|branch|Calandrella brachydactyla/Alaudala|y00675
insert|branch|Regulus|firecr1
insert|branch|Regulus|firecr3
insert|branch|Regulus regulus|caikin1
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|sunwar1
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|yebwar2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|chcwar2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|seicer2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|pltwar1
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y00995
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|marwar4
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y00650
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|biawar1
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y00994
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y00993
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|whiwar2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|gycwar1
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|goswar1
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|gycwar2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|whswar1
insert|branch|Prinia|refwar2
insert|branch|Turdidae|Grandala
insert|branch|Turdus|islthr24
insert|branch|Turdus|slathr2
insert|branch|Turdus|trithr1
insert|branch|Turdus|slathr3
insert|branch|Motacilla|boclon2
insert|branch|Anthus|yelpip3
insert|branch|Anthus|yelpip2
insert|branch|Emberiza|slabun1
insert|branch|Emberiza|crebun1
insert|branch|Geothlypis semiflava|masyel3
insert|branch|Mitrospingidae|Orthogonys
insert|branch|Mitrospingidae|Lamprospiza
insert|branch|Cyanoloxia|bubgro2
insert|branch|Cyanoloxia|bubgro1
insert|branch|Nesospiza|wilfin3
insert|branch|Nesospiza|nigfin3
insert|branch|Nesospiza acunhae|wilfin2
insert|branch|Poospiza|barwaf1
insert|branch|Poospiza|barwaf2
insert|branch|Sporophila|whcsee2
insert|branch|Sporophila|whcsee1
insert|branch|Melopyrrha|grabul1
insert|branch|Melopyrrha|purbul1
insert|branch|Aves|Musophagiformes
insert|branch|Anatidae|Radjah
insert|branch|Dendrocygna|y01080
insert|branch|Anser indicus x|Anser indicus x Branta
insert|branch|Anser indicus x Branta|x00908
insert|branch|Radjah|radshe1
insert|branch|Anas|anas1
insert|branch|Anas|Anas gracilis
insert|branch|Anas|Anas superciliosa
insert|branch|Anas|y01099
insert|branch|Anas|Anas diazi
insert|branch|Anas platyrhynchos x|y01098
insert|branch|Anas diazi|Anas diazi x
insert|branch|Anas diazi x|x00922
insert|branch|Anas superciliosa|Anas superciliosa x
insert|branch|Anas superciliosa x|x00925
insert|branch|Anas superciliosa x|x00926
insert|branch|Anas gracilis|Anas gracilis x
insert|branch|Anas gracilis x|Anas gracilis x Aythya
insert|branch|Anas gracilis x|x00913
insert|branch|Anas gracilis x Aythya|x00912
insert|branch|Melanitta|Melanitta deglandi
insert|branch|Melanitta|whwsco4
insert|branch|Melanitta deglandi|whwsco2
insert|branch|Melanitta deglandi|whwsco1
insert|branch|Bucephala albeola x|x00909
insert|branch|Oxyura|Oxyura ferruginea
insert|branch|Oxyura|andduc1
insert|branch|Oxyura ferruginea|rudduc2
insert|branch|Oxyura ferruginea|andduc2
insert|branch|Ortalis|Ortalis guttata
insert|branch|Ortalis guttata|specha5
insert|branch|Ortalis guttata|specha6
insert|branch|Columba|y01112
insert|branch|Streptopelia|y01078
insert|branch|Macropygia|Macropygia doreya
insert|branch|Macropygia doreya|sulcud4
insert|branch|Macropygia doreya|sulcud3
insert|branch|Caloenas|spgpig1
insert|branch|Goura|crowne1
insert|branch|Treron|Treron curvirostra
insert|branch|Treron curvirostra|thbpig2
insert|branch|Treron curvirostra|thbpig3
insert|branch|Musophagiformes|Musophagidae
insert|branch|Centropus|y01087
insert|branch|Chrysococcyx minutillus|litbrc5
insert|branch|Hierococcyx|y01091
insert|branch|Cuculus|y01094
insert|branch|Cuculus|y01093
insert|branch|Caprimulgus|Caprimulgus sp.
insert|branch|Caprimulgus sp.|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed
insert|branch|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed Timor
insert|branch|Caprimulgus sp. [undescribed Timor|timnig1
insert|branch|Collocalia|y01077
insert|branch|Collocalia|y01084
insert|branch|Amazilia|Amazilia luciae
insert|branch|Amazilia luciae|Amazilia luciae x
insert|branch|Amazilia luciae x|x00916
insert|branch|Rallidae|Porzana/Zapornia/Hapalocrex
insert|branch|Rallidae|Gallinula/Fulica/Porphyrio
insert|branch|Gallirallus|Gallirallus woodfordi
insert|branch|Gallirallus woodfordi|woorai4
insert|branch|Gallirallus woodfordi|woorai3
insert|branch|Gallirallus woodfordi|woorai2
insert|branch|Fulica|hawcoo2
insert|branch|Fulica|hawcoo1
insert|branch|Fulica|Fulica atra
insert|branch|Fulica atra|Fulica atra x
insert|branch|Fulica atra x|x00911
insert|branch|Gallinula/Fulica/Porphyrio|y00614
insert|branch|Porzana/Zapornia/Hapalocrex|porzan1
insert|branch|Haematopus|Haematopus longirostris
insert|branch|Haematopus longirostris|Haematopus longirostris x
insert|branch|Haematopus longirostris x|x00928
insert|branch|Calidris|y01074
insert|branch|Gallinago|y01125
insert|branch|Larus argentatus x|x00915
insert|branch|Larus glaucoides|icegul2
insert|branch|Sterna|y01065
insert|branch|Sterna hirundo|Sterna hirundo x
insert|branch|Sterna hirundo|Sterna hirundo hirundo/tibetana
insert|branch|Sterna hirundo hirundo/tibetana|Sterna hirundo hirundo/tibetana x
insert|branch|Sterna hirundo hirundo/tibetana x|comter3
insert|branch|Sterna hirundo x|x00910
insert|branch|Thalasseus|thalas1
insert|branch|Eudyptes|Eudyptes chrysolophus
insert|branch|Eudyptes chrysolophus|Eudyptes chrysolophus x
insert|branch|Eudyptes chrysolophus x|x00921
insert|branch|Procellariiformes|Oceanitidae/Hydrobatidae
insert|branch|Procellariiformes|Oceanitidae
insert|branch|Oceanitidae|Nesofregetta
insert|branch|Oceanitidae|Fregetta
insert|branch|Oceanitidae|Pelagodroma
insert|branch|Oceanitidae|Garrodia
insert|branch|Oceanitidae|Oceanites
insert|branch|Oceanitidae/Hydrobatidae|stopet
insert|branch|Oceanitidae/Hydrobatidae|storm-2
insert|branch|Oceanitidae/Hydrobatidae|storm-1
insert|branch|Daption|Daption capense
insert|branch|Daption capense|cappet2
insert|branch|Daption capense|cappet1
insert|branch|Fregata|Fregata ariel
insert|branch|Fregata ariel|lesfri2
insert|branch|Fregata ariel|lesfri1
insert|branch|Pelecanus occidentalis|brnpel4
insert|branch|Ixobrychus|y01116
insert|branch|Accipitridae|Clanga/Aquila
insert|branch|Clanga/Aquila|y01070
insert|branch|Accipiter|y01073
insert|branch|Accipiter|Accipiter badius
insert|branch|Accipiter badius|shikra3
insert|branch|Accipiter badius|shikra2
insert|branch|Rupornis magnirostris|roahaw4
insert|branch|Rupornis magnirostris|roahaw3
insert|branch|Buteo jamaicensis|rethaw9
insert|branch|Buteo jamaicensis x|x00930
insert|branch|Otus|Otus brookii
insert|branch|Otus brookii|rajsco1
insert|branch|Otus brookii|rajsco2
insert|branch|Otus manadensis|sulsco5
insert|branch|Otus manadensis|sulsco6
insert|branch|Megascops|Megascops roraimae
insert|branch|Megascops|foosco1
insert|branch|Megascops|Megascops ingens
insert|branch|Megascops ingens|rufsco2
insert|branch|Megascops ingens|colsco1
insert|branch|Megascops roraimae|versco3
insert|branch|Megascops roraimae|versco4
insert|branch|Megascops kennicottii|Megascops kennicottii x
insert|branch|Megascops kennicottii x|x00933
insert|branch|Glaucidium|Glaucidium brodiei
insert|branch|Glaucidium brodiei|colowl3
insert|branch|Glaucidium brodiei|colowl2
insert|branch|Athene cunicularia|burowl7
insert|branch|Athene cunicularia|burowl4
insert|branch|Athene cunicularia|burowl6
insert|branch|Athene cunicularia|burowl1
insert|branch|Athene cunicularia|burowl5
insert|branch|Strix|Strix leptogrammica
insert|branch|Strix leptogrammica|brnwoo1
insert|branch|Strix leptogrammica|brnwoo2
insert|branch|Trogon|Trogon rufus
insert|branch|Trogon rufus|bkttro4
insert|branch|Trogon rufus|bkttro6
insert|branch|Trogon rufus|bkttro5
insert|branch|Trogon rufus|bkttro7
insert|branch|Harpactes|Harpactes oreskios
insert|branch|Harpactes oreskios|orbtro4
insert|branch|Harpactes oreskios|orbtro5
insert|branch|Anthracoceros|y01097
insert|branch|Coracias|y01079
insert|branch|Pogoniulus|Pogoniulus bilineatus
insert|branch|Pogoniulus bilineatus|whctin1
insert|branch|Pogoniulus bilineatus|yertin2
insert|branch|Psilopogon|y01095
insert|branch|Aulacorhynchus albivitta|souemt2
insert|branch|Picidae|Chrysophlegma
insert|branch|Picidae|Dryobates
insert|branch|Picidae|Chloropicus
insert|branch|Picidae|Dendrocoptes
insert|branch|Picidae|Leiopicus
insert|branch|Picidae|Yungipicus
insert|branch|Picidae|Verreauxia
insert|branch|Verreauxia|afrpic1
insert|branch|Yungipicus|pygwoo1
insert|branch|Yungipicus|y00735
insert|branch|Yungipicus|gycwoo1
insert|branch|Yungipicus|bncwoo2
insert|branch|Yungipicus|bncwoo3
insert|branch|Yungipicus|phiwoo3
insert|branch|Yungipicus|phiwoo1
insert|branch|Yungipicus|sulwoo2
insert|branch|Leiopicus|yecwoo1
insert|branch|Dendrocoptes|arawoo1
insert|branch|Dendrocoptes|brfwoo1
insert|branch|Dendrocoptes|miswoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|Chloropicus griseocephalus
insert|branch|Chloropicus|oliwoo2
insert|branch|Chloropicus|gyhwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|Chloropicus goertae
insert|branch|Chloropicus|grywoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|brbwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|stiwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|gocwoo3
insert|branch|Chloropicus|fibwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|beawoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|carwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|spbwoo2
insert|branch|Chloropicus|ligwoo3
insert|branch|Chloropicus|Chloropicus elliotii
insert|branch|Chloropicus|ellwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|gabwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|melwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus|abywoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus elliotii|ellwoo3
insert|branch|Chloropicus elliotii|ellwoo2
insert|branch|Chloropicus goertae|afgwoo2
insert|branch|Chloropicus goertae|afgwoo1
insert|branch|Chloropicus griseocephalus|oliwoo10
insert|branch|Chloropicus griseocephalus|oliwoo9
insert|branch|Chloropicus griseocephalus|oliwoo8
insert|branch|Dendrocopos major|Dendrocopos major x
insert|branch|Dendrocopos major x|x00914
insert|branch|Dryobates|dryoba1
insert|branch|Dryobates|yeewoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|chowoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|y00871
insert|branch|Dryobates|reswoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|babwoo2
insert|branch|Dryobates|yevwoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|scbwoo3
insert|branch|Dryobates|dofwoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|litwoo2
insert|branch|Dryobates|blcwoo3
insert|branch|Dryobates|strwoo6
insert|branch|Dryobates|chewoo3
insert|branch|Dryobates|whswoo2
insert|branch|Dryobates|gocwoo2
insert|branch|Dryobates|rerwoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|ariwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|strwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|smbwoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates|whhwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|Dryobates scalaris
insert|branch|Dryobates|y00322
insert|branch|Dryobates|Dryobates villosus
insert|branch|Dryobates|haiwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|recwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|y00965
insert|branch|Dryobates|Dryobates nuttallii
insert|branch|Dryobates|y01076
insert|branch|Dryobates|labwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|nutwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|Dryobates pubescens
insert|branch|Dryobates|dowwoo
insert|branch|Dryobates|y00964
insert|branch|Dryobates|Dryobates cathpharius
insert|branch|Dryobates|crbwoo3
insert|branch|Dryobates|leswoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates cathpharius|crbwoo7
insert|branch|Dryobates cathpharius|crbwoo6
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens|Dryobates pubescens x
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens|dowwoo3
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens|dowwoo2
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens|dowwoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens x|x00803
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens x|x00801
insert|branch|Dryobates pubescens x|x00662
insert|branch|Dryobates nuttallii|Dryobates nuttallii x
insert|branch|Dryobates nuttallii x|x00663
insert|branch|Dryobates nuttallii x|x00620
insert|branch|Dryobates villosus|haiwoo3
insert|branch|Dryobates villosus|haiwoo4
insert|branch|Dryobates villosus|haiwoo5
insert|branch|Dryobates villosus|haiwoo1
insert|branch|Dryobates villosus|haiwoo2
insert|branch|Dryobates scalaris|Dryobates scalaris x
insert|branch|Dryobates scalaris x|x00802
insert|branch|Chrysocolaptes|Chrysocolaptes guttacristatus/Dinopium
insert|branch|Campephilus|Campephilus sp./Dryocopus
insert|branch|Dinopium|y01090
insert|branch|Chrysocolaptes guttacristatus/Dinopium|y00737
insert|branch|Picus|Picus chlorolophus/Chrysophlegma
insert|branch|Picus canus|Picus canus x
insert|branch|Picus canus x|x00855
insert|branch|Chrysophlegma|Chrysophlegma mentale
insert|branch|Chrysophlegma|chtwoo1
insert|branch|Chrysophlegma|greyel1
insert|branch|Chrysophlegma|banwoo2
insert|branch|Picus chlorolophus/Chrysophlegma|y00736
insert|branch|Chrysophlegma mentale|chtwoo3
insert|branch|Chrysophlegma mentale|chtwoo2
insert|branch|Campephilus sp./Dryocopus|y00679
insert|branch|Colaptes auratus|Colaptes auratus x
insert|branch|Colaptes auratus x|x00924
insert|branch|Falco|y01111
insert|branch|Cacatua|Cacatua sanguinea
insert|branch|Cacatua sanguinea|Cacatua sanguinea x
insert|branch|Cacatua sanguinea x|x00920
insert|branch|Psittaculidae|Coracopsis
insert|branch|Coracopsis|seypar1
insert|branch|Coracopsis|y00873
insert|branch|Coracopsis|blapar1
insert|branch|Coracopsis|vaspar1
insert|branch|Psittacula|Psittacula longicauda
insert|branch|Psittacula|y01061
insert|branch|Psittacula longicauda|lotpar4
insert|branch|Psittacula longicauda|lotpar5
insert|branch|Psittacula longicauda|lotpar6
insert|branch|Psittacula longicauda|lotpar3
insert|branch|Passeriformes|Platylophidae
insert|branch|Passeriformes|Pityriasidae
insert|branch|Acanthisittidae|Traversia
insert|branch|Traversia|stiwre1
insert|branch|Thamnophilidae|Oneillornis
insert|branch|Thamnistes|y01114
insert|branch|Thamnistes|rufant12
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla|Epinecrophylla haematonota
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla|y01113
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota|Epinecrophylla haematonota x
insert|branch|Epinecrophylla haematonota x|x00931
insert|branch|Microrhopias|Microrhopias quixensis
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant4
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant2
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant8
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant6
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant7
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant5
insert|branch|Microrhopias quixensis|dowant3
insert|branch|Oneillornis|lunant2
insert|branch|Oneillornis|whtant1
insert|branch|Hylopezus perspicillatus|stcant8
insert|branch|Hylopezus perspicillatus|stcant9
insert|branch|Thripophaga|Thripophaga fusciceps
insert|branch|Thripophaga fusciceps|plasof3
insert|branch|Thripophaga fusciceps|plasof4
insert|branch|Thripophaga fusciceps|plasof2
insert|branch|Cranioleuca|Cranioleuca antisiensis
insert|branch|Cranioleuca|licspi5
insert|branch|Cranioleuca antisiensis|barspi1
insert|branch|Cranioleuca antisiensis|licspi2
insert|branch|Synallaxis stictothorax|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed
insert|branch|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed La
insert|branch|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed La|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed La Libertad
insert|branch|Synallaxis stictothorax [undescribed La Libertad|necspi4
insert|branch|Zimmerius|y01089
insert|branch|Zimmerius viridiflavus|pertyr2
insert|branch|Hemitriccus|Hemitriccus minor
insert|branch|Hemitriccus minor|snetot2
insert|branch|Hemitriccus minor|snetot1
insert|branch|Pyrrhomyias|Pyrrhomyias cinnamomeus
insert|branch|Pyrrhomyias cinnamomeus|cinfly1
insert|branch|Pyrrhomyias cinnamomeus|cinfly4
insert|branch|Pyrrhomyias cinnamomeus|cinfly3
insert|branch|Myiarchus|Myiarchus swainsoni
insert|branch|Myiarchus tuberculifer|ducfly5
insert|branch|Myiarchus tuberculifer|ducfly6
insert|branch|Myiarchus swainsoni|swafly4
insert|branch|Myiarchus swainsoni|swafly2
insert|branch|Chiroxiphia|Chiroxiphia pareola
insert|branch|Chiroxiphia pareola|bubman3
insert|branch|Chiroxiphia pareola|bubman1
insert|branch|Chiroxiphia pareola|bubman2
insert|branch|Machaeropterus|y01121
insert|branch|Machaeropterus|Machaeropterus striolatus
insert|branch|Machaeropterus|strman5
insert|branch|Machaeropterus striolatus|strman4
insert|branch|Machaeropterus striolatus|strman3
insert|branch|Climacteridae|austre1
insert|branch|Malurus|y01109
insert|branch|Malurus|varfai5
insert|branch|Malurus|Malurus assimilis
insert|branch|Malurus assimilis|varfai3
insert|branch|Malurus assimilis|varfai2
insert|branch|Melidectes|y01063
insert|branch|Phylidonyris|Phylidonyris novaehollandiae
insert|branch|Phylidonyris novaehollandiae|Phylidonyris novaehollandiae x
insert|branch|Phylidonyris novaehollandiae x|x00923
insert|branch|Tephrodornis|y01096
insert|branch|Pityriasidae|Pityriasis
insert|branch|Pericrocotus|y01115
insert|branch|Pachycephalidae|Pseudorectes
insert|branch|Pseudorectes|whbpit1
insert|branch|Pseudorectes|ruspit1
insert|branch|Colluricincla megarhyncha|litshr2
insert|branch|Colluricincla megarhyncha|litshr4
insert|branch|Colluricincla megarhyncha|litshr5
insert|branch|Colluricincla megarhyncha|litshr3
insert|branch|Colluricincla megarhyncha|litshr1
insert|branch|Colluricincla megarhyncha|litshr6
insert|branch|Platylophidae|Platylophus
insert|branch|Lanius|Lanius excubitor
insert|branch|Lanius|ibgshr1
insert|branch|Lanius excubitor|grgshr3
insert|branch|Lanius excubitor|sogshr3
insert|branch|Lanius excubitor|grgshr5
insert|branch|Lanius excubitor|grgshr1
insert|branch|Lanius excubitor|grgshr4
insert|branch|Lanius excubitor|grgshr2
insert|branch|Vireonidae|Hylophilus/Tunchiornis/Pachysylvia
insert|branch|Hylophilus/Tunchiornis/Pachysylvia|greenl1
insert|branch|Vireo|Vireo chivi
insert|branch|Vireo|chivir1
insert|branch|Vireo chivi|reevir2
insert|branch|Vireo chivi|reevir3
insert|branch|Oriolus chinensis|bknori7
insert|branch|Oriolus chinensis|bknori5
insert|branch|Oriolus chinensis|bknori6
insert|branch|Oriolus chinensis|bknori4
insert|branch|Dicrurus|bacdro1
insert|branch|Dicrurus|Dicrurus bracteatus
insert|branch|Dicrurus|Dicrurus densus
insert|branch|Dicrurus|Dicrurus sumatranus
insert|branch|Dicrurus|Dicrurus adsimilis
insert|branch|Dicrurus|Dicrurus ludwigii
insert|branch|Dicrurus ludwigii|sqtdro3
insert|branch|Dicrurus ludwigii|sqtdro2
insert|branch|Dicrurus adsimilis|fotdro2
insert|branch|Dicrurus adsimilis|fotdro3
insert|branch|Dicrurus adsimilis|fotdro4
insert|branch|Dicrurus modestus|vemdro4
insert|branch|Dicrurus modestus|vemdro5
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro11
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro5
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro9
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro10
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro8
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro12
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro7
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro4
insert|branch|Dicrurus hottentottus|hacdro6
insert|branch|Dicrurus sumatranus|sumdro2
insert|branch|Dicrurus sumatranus|sumdro3
insert|branch|Dicrurus densus|waldro3
insert|branch|Dicrurus densus|waldro6
insert|branch|Dicrurus densus|waldro7
insert|branch|Dicrurus densus|waldro5
insert|branch|Dicrurus densus|waldro2
insert|branch|Dicrurus densus|waldro4
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro10
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro6
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro4
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro2
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro8
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro9
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro3
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro5
insert|branch|Dicrurus bracteatus|spadro7
insert|branch|Calocitta|y01067
insert|branch|Pica|y01104
insert|branch|Pica|orimag1
insert|branch|Corvus|Corvus cornix
insert|branch|Corvus cornix|hoocro3
insert|branch|Corvus cornix|hoocro2
insert|branch|Paradisaea|Paradisaea raggiana
insert|branch|Paradisaea raggiana|Paradisaea raggiana x
insert|branch|Paradisaea raggiana x|x00929
insert|branch|Mirafra|y01118
insert|branch|Riparia|y01086
insert|branch|Melanochlora|Melanochlora sultanea
insert|branch|Melanochlora sultanea|sultit2
insert|branch|Melanochlora sultanea|sultit3
insert|branch|Periparus|y01066
insert|branch|Parus|Parus minor
insert|branch|Parus minor|japtit3
insert|branch|Parus minor|japtit5
insert|branch|Parus minor|japtit1
insert|branch|Parus minor|japtit2
insert|branch|Parus minor|japtit4
insert|branch|Sitta europaea|eurnut8
insert|branch|Sitta europaea|eurnut7
insert|branch|Sitta europaea|eurnut10
insert|branch|Sitta europaea|eurnut9
insert|branch|Polioptila|Polioptila albiloris
insert|branch|Polioptila albiloris|whlgna3
insert|branch|Polioptila albiloris|whlgna2
insert|branch|Polioptila plumbea|trogna5
insert|branch|Polioptila plumbea|trogna7
insert|branch|Polioptila plumbea|trogna8
insert|branch|Polioptila plumbea|trogna6
insert|branch|Polioptila plumbea|trogna9
insert|branch|Pycnonotidae|Brachypodius/Rubigula/Pycnonotus
insert|branch|Pycnonotidae|Nok
insert|branch|Pycnonotidae|Rubigula
insert|branch|Pycnonotidae|Brachypodius
insert|branch|Brachypodius|andbul1
insert|branch|Brachypodius|blhbul1
insert|branch|Brachypodius|gyhbul1
insert|branch|Brachypodius|yewbul1
insert|branch|Brachypodius|pubbul1
insert|branch|Brachypodius|bawbul2
insert|branch|Rubigula|bkcbul4
insert|branch|Rubigula|bkcbul3
insert|branch|Rubigula|bkcbul2
insert|branch|Rubigula|bkcbul1
insert|branch|Rubigula|blcbul2
insert|branch|Rubigula|scbbul1
insert|branch|Rubigula|gybbul1
insert|branch|Rubigula|spebul1
insert|branch|Nok|bafbul1
insert|branch|Pycnonotus|pycnon3
insert|branch|Brachypodius/Rubigula/Pycnonotus|pycnon1
insert|branch|Regulus regulus|goldcr5
insert|branch|Regulus regulus|goldcr7
insert|branch|Regulus regulus|goldcr6
insert|branch|Sylvietta|Sylvietta brachyura
insert|branch|Sylvietta brachyura|norcro2
insert|branch|Sylvietta brachyura|norcro3
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|Phylloscopus [undescribed
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|Phylloscopus grammiceps
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y01088
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|Phylloscopus trochiloides
insert|branch|Phylloscopus|y01101
insert|branch|Phylloscopus trochiloides|grewar4
insert|branch|Phylloscopus trochiloides|grewar5
insert|branch|Phylloscopus trochiloides|grewar6
insert|branch|Phylloscopus grammiceps|sunwar3
insert|branch|Phylloscopus grammiceps|sunwar2
insert|branch|Phylloscopus [undescribed|Phylloscopus [undescribed Rote
insert|branch|Phylloscopus [undescribed Rote|rolwar1
insert|branch|Acrocephalidae|Arundinax
insert|branch|Arundinax|thbwar1
insert|branch|Locustella|Locustella montis
insert|branch|Locustella|jabwar1
insert|branch|Locustella|dabwar1
insert|branch|Locustella|y01100
insert|branch|Locustella montis|timbuw1
insert|branch|Locustella montis|javbuw1
insert|branch|Cisticolidae|Oreolais
insert|branch|Cisticolidae|Phragmacia
insert|branch|Cisticolidae|Oreophilais
insert|branch|Oreophilais|robpri1
insert|branch|Phragmacia|nampri1
insert|branch|Oreolais|ruwapa1
insert|branch|Oreolais|blcapa2
insert|branch|Prinia|Prinia rufifrons
insert|branch|Prinia rufifrons|refwar3
insert|branch|Prinia rufifrons|refwar1
insert|branch|Cisticola|y01127
insert|branch|Sylvia|Sylvia mystacea
insert|branch|Sylvia mystacea|menwar3
insert|branch|Sylvia mystacea|menwar2
insert|branch|Zosterops|y01105
insert|branch|Zosterops|Zosterops virens
insert|branch|Zosterops senegalensis|afywhe4
insert|branch|Zosterops senegalensis|afywhe3
insert|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe10
insert|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe8
insert|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe9
insert|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe7
insert|branch|Zosterops poliogastrus|brrwhe6
insert|branch|Zosterops virens|capwhe5
insert|branch|Zosterops virens|capwhe4
insert|branch|Pomatorhinus|Pomatorhinus montanus
insert|branch|Pomatorhinus|y01119
insert|branch|Pomatorhinus|y01110
insert|branch|Pomatorhinus montanus|chbscb1
insert|branch|Pomatorhinus montanus|chbscb2
insert|branch|Pellorneidae|Laticilla
insert|branch|Laticilla|swapri1
insert|branch|Laticilla|ruvpri1
insert|branch|Turdinus|Turdinus sepiarius
insert|branch|Turdinus sepiarius|horbab4
insert|branch|Turdinus sepiarius|horbab3
insert|branch|Turdinus sepiarius|horbab1
insert|branch|Turdoides|y01072
insert|branch|Muscicapidae|Chamaetylas
insert|branch|Muscicapa|y01085
insert|branch|Cyornis|suljuf1
insert|branch|Cyornis|banjuf1
insert|branch|Cyornis|y01069
insert|branch|Cyornis|Cyornis poliogenys
insert|branch|Cyornis|y01092
insert|branch|Cyornis poliogenys|Cyornis poliogenys x
insert|branch|Cyornis poliogenys x|x00927
insert|branch|Eumyias|y01103
insert|branch|Chamaetylas|whcale1
insert|branch|Chamaetylas|choale1
insert|branch|Chamaetylas|retale1
insert|branch|Chamaetylas|Chamaetylas poliocephala
insert|branch|Chamaetylas|brcale1
insert|branch|Chamaetylas poliocephala|bncale4
insert|branch|Chamaetylas poliocephala|bncale3
insert|branch|Chamaetylas poliocephala|bncale2
insert|branch|Chamaetylas poliocephala|bncale1
insert|branch|Tarsiger|y01124
insert|branch|Phoenicurus|y01071
insert|branch|Saxicola|y01123
insert|branch|Turdidae|Otocichla
insert|branch|Ixoreus|Ixoreus naevius/Turdus
insert|branch|Otocichla|chithr2
insert|branch|Ixoreus naevius/Turdus|y00822
insert|branch|Mimus|y01122
insert|branch|Mimus|Mimus gundlachii
insert|branch|Mimus gundlachii|Mimus gundlachii x
insert|branch|Mimus gundlachii x|x00907
insert|branch|Dicaeum|y01106
insert|branch|Motacilla flava|Motacilla flava x
insert|branch|Motacilla flava x|x00934
insert|branch|Anthus|Anthus furcatus
insert|branch|Anthus furcatus|shbpip2
insert|branch|Anthus furcatus|shbpip3
insert|branch|Mycerobas|y01064
insert|branch|Carpodacus|y01108
insert|branch|Carpodacus|y01075
insert|branch|Pinicola|Pinicola enucleator
insert|branch|Pinicola enucleator|pingro6
insert|branch|Pinicola enucleator|pingro1
insert|branch|Pinicola enucleator|pingro5
insert|branch|Pinicola enucleator|pingro4
insert|branch|Pinicola enucleator|pingro3
insert|branch|Pinicola enucleator|pingro2
insert|branch|Loxia curvirostra|redcro29
insert|branch|Calcarius|Calcarius lapponicus
insert|branch|Calcarius lapponicus|Calcarius lapponicus x
insert|branch|Calcarius lapponicus x|Calcarius lapponicus x Plectrophenax
insert|branch|Calcarius lapponicus x Plectrophenax|x00919
insert|branch|Emberiza|Emberiza godlewskii
insert|branch|Emberiza godlewskii|godbun3
insert|branch|Emberiza godlewskii|godbun2
insert|branch|Passerellidae|Centronyx
insert|branch|Passerellidae|Ammospiza
insert|branch|Passerellidae|Spizella/Spizelloides
insert|branch|Chlorospingus|y01126
insert|branch|Ammodramus|Ammodramus savannarum/Centronyx
insert|branch|Ammodramus|y01083
insert|branch|Arremon|Arremon flavirostris
insert|branch|Arremon flavirostris|sabspa3
insert|branch|Arremon flavirostris|sabspa2
insert|branch|Arremon flavirostris|sabspa4
insert|branch|Spizella/Spizelloides|spizel
insert|branch|Zonotrichia|Zonotrichia capensis
insert|branch|Zonotrichia capensis|rucspa5
insert|branch|Zonotrichia capensis|rucspa6
insert|branch|Ammospiza|ammosp1
insert|branch|Ammospiza|shtspa
insert|branch|Ammospiza|sstspa
insert|branch|Ammospiza|Ammospiza nelsoni
insert|branch|Ammospiza|nstspa
insert|branch|Ammospiza|Ammospiza maritima
insert|branch|Ammospiza|seaspa
insert|branch|Ammospiza|lecspa
insert|branch|Ammospiza maritima|cssspa1
insert|branch|Ammospiza maritima|seaspa2
insert|branch|Ammospiza maritima|dusspa1
insert|branch|Ammospiza maritima|seaspa1
insert|branch|Ammospiza nelsoni|Ammospiza nelsoni x
insert|branch|Ammospiza nelsoni|nstspa2
insert|branch|Ammospiza nelsoni|nstspa1
insert|branch|Ammospiza nelsoni x|x00450
insert|branch|Centronyx|henspa
insert|branch|Centronyx|baispa
insert|branch|Ammodramus savannarum/Centronyx|y01081
insert|branch|Ammodramus savannarum/Centronyx|y01082
insert|branch|Teretistris|Teretistris fernandinae
insert|branch|Teretistris fernandinae|Teretistris fernandinae x
insert|branch|Teretistris fernandinae x|x00935
insert|branch|Icteridae|Leistes
insert|branch|Leistes|lotmea1
insert|branch|Leistes|pammea1
insert|branch|Leistes|permea1
insert|branch|Leistes|whbbla2
insert|branch|Leistes|rebbla1
insert|branch|Molothrus|y01117
insert|branch|Agelasticus|Agelasticus cyanopus
insert|branch|Agelasticus cyanopus|unibla3
insert|branch|Agelasticus cyanopus|unibla1
insert|branch|Setophaga pitiayumi|tropar9
insert|branch|Setophaga coronata x|x00937
insert|branch|Cyanoloxia|y01068
insert|branch|Passerina|Passerina cyanea
insert|branch|Passerina cyanea|Passerina cyanea x
insert|branch|Passerina cyanea x|x00918
insert|branch|Ramphocelus|Ramphocelus passerinii
insert|branch|Ramphocelus passerinii|Ramphocelus passerinii x
insert|branch|Ramphocelus passerinii|chetan1
insert|branch|Ramphocelus passerinii|pastan1
insert|branch|Ramphocelus passerinii x|x00898
insert|branch|Dubusia taeniata|bubmot3
insert|branch|Dubusia taeniata|bubmot4
insert|branch|Tangara arthus|goltan5
insert|branch|Tangara arthus|goltan4
insert|branch|Conirostrum|Conirostrum albifrons
insert|branch|Conirostrum albifrons|capcon2
insert|branch|Conirostrum albifrons|capcon3
insert|branch|Nesospiza|y01102
insert|branch|Nesospiza acunhae|inifin1
insert|branch|Sporophila|Sporophila leucoptera
insert|branch|Sporophila leucoptera|whbsee4
insert|branch|Sporophila leucoptera|whbsee3
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana5
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana8
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana10
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana7
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana12
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana9
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana11
insert|branch|Coereba flaveola|banana6
insert|branch|Camarhynchus|Camarhynchus pallidus
insert|branch|Camarhynchus pallidus|woofin3
insert|branch|Camarhynchus pallidus|woofin2
insert|branch|Passeridae|Gymnornis
insert|branch|Passer domesticus x|x00917
insert|branch|Gymnornis|buspet1
insert|branch|Gymnornis|yetpet1
insert|branch|Gymnornis|chspet1
insert|branch|Gymnornis|yespet1
insert|branch|Ploceus|y01120
insert|branch|Ploceus|y01062
insert|branch|Nigrita|nigrit1
insert|branch|Erythrura|parrot2
insert|branch|Erythrura|y01107
insert|branch|Lonchura|Lonchura flaviprymna
insert|branch|Lonchura|Lonchura malacca
insert|branch|Lonchura malacca|Lonchura malacca x
insert|branch|Lonchura malacca x|x00932
insert|branch|Lonchura flaviprymna|Lonchura flaviprymna x
insert|branch|Lonchura flaviprymna x|x00936
